(Foreign Publication) - PRESS RELEASE - KKE - Speech by Dimitris Koutsoumbas, General Secretary of the KKE KKE at the event for the 100 years of Kokkinia PRESS OFFICE OF THE CENTRAL COMMITTEE.
 Heraklion 145- 142 31 PERISSOSTel.
:210-2592418 fax: 210-2592388e-mail: mailbox@gt.
kke.
gr, http://www.
kke.
gr Speech by Dimitris Koutsoumbas, General Secretary of the KKE at the event for the 100th anniversary of Kokkinia Comrades and Compañeras Friends Here, from the Kokkinia of refugees, of Mantra, of the blockade, of the heroic Battle, but also from the Kokkinia that wants its children to live humanly and not "to live by chance", we call for battle, struggle, a call for solidarity and strengthening of the KKE everywhere.
	From here and in all the working people's neighbourhoods of Piraeus, in the port, in the factories, in the offices, in the shops, in the hospitals, in the schools, everywhere, where the heart of the working class, of the popular strata, of the youth beats, we send a strong message in every direction: The KKE will not allow the crime in Tempe to be covered up, the policy that exterminates, murders and kills.
	Besides, the Redness of memory and struggle, 100 years now, a century in total, has proven that it DOES NOT KNOW.
	We will express, as we always do, the genuine popular feeling, the anger that justly overflows from the working people, from the youth of our country.
 We will be in front, as always, to make this rage a decision to overthrow the rotten exploitative system that generates these tragedies.
	Every mother and father knows well what our young people write on the banners: "take when you reach...".
 Every man cannot help but feel his stomach tighten, precisely because he knows that this is a predestined crime.
	It's not the bad time, it's not the bad country, it's not the bad moment.
 It's the hunt for profit that dominates and murders everywhere, it's the fault of those who rule and govern this country.
	The KKE will give all its forces in the workplaces, in the factories, in the neighbourhoods, in the schools and in the schools, in order to "get the knife to the bone" this time.
 We will not let this pass.
 	Responsibilities must be assigned, both state and government and private company and individual responsibilities where they exist, all.
 They must not be time-barred, they must not be forgotten.
 	We stress this, knowing the methodical effort made by all the other parties of the system to bury the causes that led to the death of 57 of our fellow human beings.
		 And the reasons are: the notorious "liberalization" of the market based on EU guidelines, the commercialization of public transport, the dismemberment of OSE and the privatization of its profitable parts, the huge understaffing and the huge deficiencies in safety measures and infrastructure of the state-owned OSE.
	These are all the things that KKE MPs have highlighted over time in the Parliament, such as two months ago in the debate on the rail accidents bill.
 They are all things that workers have been demanding for many years in the workplace as well.
 	The last example is the announcement of the faction that supports PAME.
 Where on 7/2/23, 20 days before the tragedy, he noted the problems of the area and called for the mockery to stop because "we will not wait for the accident that is coming, to see them shed crocodile tears making statements".
 	Workers' warnings were not heeded because safety is treated as a cost.
 The repeated accidents rang not a bell, a real bell of danger, of the tragedy that was coming.
	Let them leave the rotten ones.
 Nobody eats fodder.
 Like the Southwest, which tried to convince us with its first speech that it was just a "tragic human error".
 The people did not bite.
	Under the popular pressure of the several days of strike action by the railway workers, the government, under the popular pressure of the strike, had to adjust the rest of the mobilisations throughout Greece, apologising on behalf of all the previous governments.
 This is where what our people say fits in: Since the apology came out, the philanthropy is gone.
	The wretched parrots may change the trope a little, but their purpose is always to hide the truth.
 No one is convinced by crocodile tears.
 In fact, the government said, it was an "unfortunate coincidence", since it happened a few months before the so-called Digital Control System.
 Everything is always inexplicable, based on the SW.
	Of course, SYRIZA is also close by.
 Who was the first to declare that it is a time for mourning and not for talking about responsibility.
 "We'll settle up later", the well-known despicable slogan he used in the pandemic, in Versions 2.
 It is logical, of course, since as a government he has backed the "liberalization", the privatization of transport, and it was he who sold TRAINOSE to the Italian monopoly, for a plate of lentils and without terms and conditions of basic safety and protection of passengers.
 And they don't have a chip on their shoulder.
 The world has taken notice of them too.
 How they try to justify themselves.
 We are told that they were forced to privatise supposedly because of the commitments and the memoranda.
 But it's interesting to see what they do, as the official opposition, now that they are not "forced", not "pressured", as they say.
 We have and say: In the pandemic: "We'll settle up later".
 In the fires in the North.
 Evia: "I am not asking for resignations".
 On auctions: "There is no country where auctions are banned".
 And at the critical moment in Tempe they said: "This is not the time to talk about responsibility".
 But he can't hide.
 Because SYRIZA is committed - both as a government and as an opposition - to serve the needs of business groups, on the guidelines and decisions of the EU.
 The same criterion that the policy of the New Democracy has, that all bourgeois governments have.
 That's why in all matters, one man cuts and the other man sews.
	Comrades, Today a basic conclusion can be strengthened in broader working-people's forces: We are facing a hostile state for the people.
 A state that considers the needs of the people as a cost and appears selectively incapable of solving the problems of the people.
 But it is at the same time capable and highly efficient to electronically bid on people's homes and at the same time manually maintain the security systems on trains as if we were a hundred years ago.
 This is their notorious "digital modernised state".
 This same state appears to be able to monitor and electronically record all citizens, to undermine strikes and suppress demonstrations, while at the same time it appears incapable of protecting us from the consequences of earthquakes, fires, floods and large-scale accidents.
 	Because this state counts human life as a cost.
 The capitalists' state can change the engine driver, but not the owner, who drives it on the rails of the EU and the capitalist track, as long as it is not overthrown by the determined people themselves.
 That's what they've been trying to hide from the very first moment and they don't want to tell the truth.
 	Many more people than before understand the enduring responsibility of governments that sacrifice everything on the altar of the capitalists.
 Neither ND nor SYRIZA can convincingly hide it.
 	SYRIZA and its parrots, and here in Piraeus, dare to shamelessly say that it has delivered them almost ready.
 This is what is ready for you gentlemen of SYRIZA.
 The thousands of staff shortages you have delivered.
 The sale to the Italian State Railways Company, without terms and conditions of security.
		  	And in order not to do anybody an injustice to remind Mr.
 Varoufakis, that he said that privatising the OSE would take us from the 19th to the 21st century.
 Of course, this is one thing, the political criticism that we clearly make, and another is the need to condemn the unacceptable and provocative attack against the... All together, ND, SYRIZA, PASOK, in addition, apart from the above, in 2019 they voted for the EU package of directives for full liberalization of rail transport.
 And they are now bringing in the EU luminaries of 683 deaths in 2021 in rail accidents in their own countries, to supposedly give us their lights.
	Well, well, we say it plainly.
 Against all of them stands our people.
 Just as we did not remain silent as long as we saw and denounced these things in Parliament, we were in front of the workers' struggles for these just demands.
	In the sadness caused by the collision of the two trains, we were filled with anger and stubbornness.
 We told the Greek people and the Greek youth that "now is the time for voice and struggle".
 	From the very first day, groups of KKE were in Tempe, in workplaces, educational institutions and neighbourhoods, to discuss and reveal the truth that they are trying to bury with lies, excuses and a lot of hypocrisy.
 We made it our duty to reveal the causes of the crime in the eyes of all workers and youth, against the government propaganda, its parrots in the media, who give a graphic but repulsive macabre recital.
 But also in the silencing that SYRIZA is finally doing, adding to the government's narrative of "individual error".
	In the unions, the associations and the schools, in the working-class neighbourhoods of Piraeus and all over the country, the members of the KKE and the KNE gave all their strength to continue the popular mobilizations that express the anger of the people and the youth.
 This is how we arrived at the overwhelming participation of workers, people and youth in the strike last Wednesday all over Greece.
 So we continue.
 The popular river of anger and rage expressed shows that nothing has been decided yet.
	Comrades, The slogan of our Party, "only the people save the people, walking on the road of subversion with a strong KKE" is reborn and strengthened today.
 	This is expressed in all the last days with the concern for the families of the victims in Tempe, with the solidarity that filled the squares with volunteer blood donors for the injured of the accident in Tempe, as before with the overwhelming support for the neighbouring peoples of Syria and Turkey, who were affected by the catastrophic earthquake, mourning tens of thousands of dead.
 		It is also a historical conclusion that the new generations, the workers, the working people, the professional workers, must hold firmly and take it to the end.
 This is the motto of the region here, Kokkinia, which has proved this almost from its genophases.
 Kokkinia, which, as the lyrics of Apostolos Kaldaras say: "no parks, no high steps, only workshops and looms.
 But beauty reigns.
”.
  A city that since the 1920s has been tied body and soul to the KKE, as its own history reveals.
 The Smyrnians, the Pontians, the Armenians and refugees from other regions, were the first yeast of people who, with their customs and traditions from their lands, despite all the miserable conditions, with only their solidarity as a weapon, managed to create a city that, whenever the people decided to do so, made history.
	Here, where thousands of families uprooted from Asia Minor, the majority of them widows and orphans, desperate not only with what they had already lived through, but also with what they had to face.
 It was only through solidarity between them that they managed to build shacks and shanties to live - to survive more properly - on top of each other.
 And when the rainy weather flooded the settlement, it was their solidarity with each other that saved the households.
 	They also confronted the anti-refugee attitude of the bourgeois parties of the time, which often bordered on racism and hysteria, with some political forces asking for the separation of the "pure-blooded Greeks" from the "Turkspores", as they called them.
 If at the beginning, desperate, they placed their fate in the hands of God, Venizelos and Venizelos' politicians, gradually and based on their experience, they gained confidence in their own power.
From the "birth" of the first refugee settlement in June 1923, our Party stressed that "Greece is not divided into natives and refugees.
 Greece is divided into rich and poor, people who don't work and live and people who work all day and all night and can't live.".
 From the very first moment, the then newly-formed SEKE tried with all its forces to make clear that the struggle of the refugee workers, from whatever part of the world they were uprooted, is common, against Greek and foreign oppressors.
Together, therefore, the refugee workers, learning from the experience of the pioneering workers of Piraeus, slowly managed to gain confidence in their own strength.
 On the power of the oppressed to unite their interests with others, with many workers' struggles marking the region.
	If at the beginning, the textile worker from Asia Minor was happy to have found a job, even though she was paid as she was, and even though she worked in the sun, through the mobilizations of the working class of Piraeus, she realized the need for her own struggle.
 Thus were written the glorious pages of the great strike of the textile workers of Kokkinia in 1933, which lasted 27 days of strike struggle.
 Thus the struggle against fascism, which was expanding into the neighbourhoods of Piraeus, was given a new impetus.
	During this period, the members of the KKE and the OKNE, for the development of the antifascist struggle, also use sports clubs such as "Byron", "Pan", "AFEN" and others.
 During that period the following players stand out:- Nikos Goda of Olympiacos, child of uprooted people from Ayvali, Captain in the elite 5th Company Kokkinia, executed in Lazaretto of Corfu.
- Stefanos Paterakis of Progressive.
 He was executed on March 8 during the battle of Kokkinia and- Spyros Kontoulis of the Defence of Kokkinia, AEK and the Greek National Team- And many more athletes of athletics, such as: the marathon athlete Andreas Goytis, who participated in the Berlin Olympics.
	Compañeras and comrades, Friends and friends, These traditions became the model for writing some of the most heroic pages of the history of our people.
 The refugee town of Kokkinia, from the first moment of the occupation slavery, showed that it will not let the fascist conquerors in the neighbourhood without a struggle and a fight.
	The National Resistance in Kokkinia was fired up early on.
 He became manly and refined in the furnace of the race.
 It took shape with the participation of the overwhelming majority of its people.
 EAM, ELAS, EPON, National Solidarity, held high the flag of the struggle against fascism, which with little and rudimentary weaponry fought hard battles and inflicted serious losses on the enemy.
 The Battle of Kokkinia, in March 1944, has been recorded as an important moment in the resistance struggle.
 It went down in history for the mass participation, the determination, the fighting stubbornness and the heroism of the ELAS and EPON warriors, who managed to inflict serious losses on the conquerors and the Bolsheviks.
	Having literally found their teacher in the people of Granite, the Nazi conquerors and the Bolsheviks organised the atrocious crime of the Blockade.
 	Three hundred and fifteen (315) fighters, the flower of the youth, the children of the people, but also fighters of older age, gave their lives, stood with courage and militancy, both in front of the finger of the snitch hooded informer, and at the barrel of the German gun in the firing squad on August 17, 1944 in the "mantra" of Osia Xeni.
 	We remember them all and we honour them with our daily action.
 The executed of the Blokos, but also the more than 5.
000 Kokkinites who gave their lives in battles, in blockades, in bombings, in camps or died of hunger.
 And the list of the struggles that the region has given, continues in the years to come.
 With great workers' mobilizations in workplaces, which the people of the city helped to support.
 With rich activity before the dictatorship, but also during the 7-year military dictatorship, through the Nice Students' Association.
 	The great battle in the years of post-independence for the de-housing of education, culminating in the long hunger strike of the teacher Yannis Vagenas, which was embraced by the entire educational community and the city in general in terms of a popular mobilization.
 With strike struggles, such as the strike of the workers of "PITTSOS" in 1976, where 1.
000 workers, after 40 days of hard struggle, hit by the state apparatus, returned to work victorious, after their demands were met.
 Similarly, in 1980, at ELSA, where 350 undocumented migrant workers went on strike with the support and participation of other workers, 350 migrant workers went on strike.
000 of their Greek colleagues.
 Strike also embraced by the people of the city.
 Through these struggles in the wider region, in which the communists played a decisive role, municipal authorities emerged from time to time who supported the just demands of the people from this position.
 They fought for necessary infrastructure, anti-seismic shielding, buildings for schools, stadiums and open spaces, for the permanent employment of workers, for not allowing environmental crimes in Piraeus and for the protection of the environment.
ά.
	As well as the battle to crush the watchdogs of the system, which are occasionally unleashed by the exploiters of the people.
 Whether they change their name, whether they are in one fascist organisation or many, they will remain loyal dogs of their masters.
	We do not forget for a moment the action of the Nazi criminals here in Piraeus.
 The workers are their enemy.
 Their friends the employers and shipowners.
 On their behalf they attacked the trade unionist communists of Metal in Perama.
 On their behalf they set up a slave trade.
 They spoke on their behalf in Parliament, asking for even more tax breaks for shipowners, who already pay almost nothing.
	We will not forget at the same time the popular action that has been stirred up and must be constantly vigilant.
 To eradicate the racist fascist poison everywhere and in Piraeus of the modern and historical workers' and people's struggles.
 In Kokkinia of the Blockade, in Keratsini of the Electric, in the neighbourhoods of Pavlos Fyssa.
 The place of these fascist subhumans is in their burrows.
 Fearful of the people's fist, not daring to break free.
	These and many other examples are deeply engraved in the collective memory of this city.
 This racing tradition reaches up to our days.
 With the struggles of the labour and popular movement for Collective Labour Agreements, increases in wages and pensions and for the people's income, for health and education, against the auctions, the cutting of electricity, the solidarity initiatives.
 Surely the history and the racing traditions of this country cannot fit in a few lines.
 What is certain, however, is that more will be added by those who take the thread in their hands, always walking forward.
 And with the KKE always HERE, always ahead.
	From the starting point of this city, interpreted by Giorgos Dalaras, one of the great artists born in this city: 'I am the son of Kokkinia, the grandchild of the refugees and Smyrna cries inside me like a wounded nightingale.
"From the "Iscenius of the iron yard" of C.
 Ritsu.
 To this day... "For these hearts are not settled but in the right.
"These hearts are still beating to the steady rhythm of solidarity, of creation, of work.
  From that little house built with sweat, from the flowers in the pot that bloomed with effort, but you give with joy, from that clear embrace to the pain of another, from the opening of the house for those who need it, as in the earthquakes of 1981, from a plate of food, because the neighbour did not catch up with us.
 This is Kokkinia.
 And today.
 And tomorrow.
 	Our children, our grandchildren walk it.
 And it will still smell like jasmine.
 For our people have the freshness of their truth, their pain.
 He has the sure hand of justice.
 One hundred years full of memories, emotions, feelings, efforts and sacrifices of the people.
 But also 100 years full of heroic pages of struggles that give us momentum to continue.
	Comrades, Friends, The "never again", which the Prime Minister said in his speech on the tragedy in Tempe has no value, does not convince anyone.
 Besides, the people have heard this dozens of times.
	The real and only effective "never again" can only be said by the people themselves.
 With its mass organized struggle and with its political stance in all the battles we have ahead of us.
 With a movement that will put the causes of the tragedies we are living, the problems experienced by the popular family in the crosshairs.
 Because the slogan that the students write on their placards is: "in a country of miracles, we live by miracles", highlights the real contradiction, the real contrast.
 The possibilities that workers in our country and around the world have created with their minds and their work, and how we live in reality, when the criterion for everything is capitalist profit.
 The workers of Piraeus have gained a lot of experience over the years.
 To think about their own lives, through their experience here in Piraeus.
 To learn from the experience of: the experience of seamen, dockers, workers in the shipbuilding industry, transport, trade, tourism, the experience of the self-employed of Piraeus.
 		Really, what did ND, SYRIZA and PASOK promise for so many years, here in the port of Piraeus?
 	We should not forget that since the 2000s they promised that: if the strategic directions of the EU, the liberalization of transport, the opening of the market in general in shipping and especially in coastal shipping, with the operation of competition between the groups, would renew the country's coastal fleet, would strengthen the transport work on the islands, would lead to cheaper fares and tickets.
 	Indeed, this policy, this crime against the interests of the people, was accelerated on the occasion of the wreck of the "Express Samina", which cost the lives of 81 people.
 What actually happened.
 Ferries remain unsafe, routes to many islands are limited, tickets are high.
 This was followed by the other big so-called "miracle" of Cosco in Piraeus, which resulted in what we live and see every day.
 That is, on the one hand, for a whole decade, the numbers of containers handled soared, the financial results recorded new huge surpluses for the Chinese monopoly.
 And on the other hand - contrary to the promises of all the bourgeois parties - the bill for the people wrote: the expansion and domination of flexible forms of employment in the port, the expansion of contractor employment, cheap wages, the lack of health and safety measures, leading to the predictable crime, namely the murder of dockers at work.
 	The conflict, therefore, with this policy is the only guarantee for "never again" and nowhere the unfortunate dead or crippled for their profits.
	And yes.
 In the face of these challenges of the present era, the KKE assumes the great responsibility to lead the working-people's majority, to contribute as a vanguard to the overthrow of the present correlation.
	This path was illuminated by the heroic struggle of the Cosco workers, when against gods and demons, they fought for their right and made an international monopoly retreat.
 This way is illuminated by the interventions of the unions and mass organizations of the working-class neighborhoods of Piraeus, which are stepping forward to prevent people from being squeezed out by the auctions.
 This is the direction that must be strengthened everywhere, in every workplace, so that everywhere "the people can save the people".
 So that the exploiters of the people, the big business groups, the governments and their parties can get a raw deal.
	The KKE assumes the great responsibility, not only to be in front of the struggles to repel new anti-people's measures, to extract conquests, to hear the truth against the mud and the mire of the dominant propaganda.
 But above all, for the people to realise the great power they have to determine developments in their favour.
 As it is, to some extent these days.
 	To become more and more massively convinced that "we go wherever the bourgeois parties take us" only leads to worse and worse situations.
 That the people and the youth are for much more, they deserve everything.
 They can build a world where all the tragedies we are experiencing today become only a past of this system that sees everything as potential profit.
	Yes, then, the KKE is here to open the way for the people to become real landlords in their own land, so that they can have the power, so that they can control their wealth, so that they and their children can live in security, enjoy their lives, so that the labour of their work is returned to them.
	Yes, friends.
 The KKE is ready from today to contribute, to take part in such a governance, such a genuine power of the people.
 Because it has a programme that focuses only on people and their needs.
 A power that gets rid of the drones that live off the labour of the many.
 And that is why it will not be stingy in returning the wealth produced by the many to the many.
	To live a happy life.
 To open and walk the highways of the future.
 For us.
 For our children.
 For those who are gone.
 For those who will come.
 For the 57 of Tempe.
 For all the honoured dead of our fighting people.
 And for the unborn children of Kokkinia and the whole world.
	We'll make it, we'll win.
 We will all together, all generations together, pave the way for the great, the beautiful, the thrilling, socialism.
 	Honor and glory to the 100 years of life and struggle of Kokkinia, the dreams that will finally take revenge.
 	For our best days are not yet lived.
ATHENS 11/03/2023 THE PRESS OFFICE OF THE KEKE KP.
