"Mr. Regional Governor, Mr. Mayor, friends, neo-democrats, citizens of Megalopolis, thank you for this warm welcome, thank you for your applause.
We are, in fact, one day before the official announcement of the elections.
Tomorrow I will go to the President of the Republic and propose the dissolution of the Parliament, so that we can go to elections on May 21.
Keep in mind that elections are held at the end of four years, as I have been committed to for several years.
Consistent with this commitment, we are exhausting our term in government and we enter this election period with the confidence of a party that has honoured the truth agreement we signed with the Greeks in July 2019.
When I was in Arcadia before and I spoke to you during the election campaign, I told you that my first concern would be to revive the Greek economy and get us out of the path that the previous ones had set, a path of disrepute, a path of limited growth, a path of taxes that crushed the middle class, of pension cuts.
The growth of the economy was the first objective of this government and at the same time it is this growth that allowed us to be able to implement our election commitments, to reduce taxes for every Greek, to reduce contributions, to attract investment, to claim more European resources, to boost the economy as a whole.
And livestock farming.
Our farmers know that despite the problems they face, we have stood by them in the face of yet another of the many crises we have had to face, which is none other than imported precision, a product of Russia's attack on Ukraine.
We didn't do all this in normal times.
I want you to recall the crises we have had to manage over these four years, starting with the migrant invasion of Evros in March 2020.
Immediately afterwards, a pandemic, an unprecedented health crisis, which basically forced us to shut down the entire economy.
But I do not believe that there is a single Greek among us who does not recognise that in this unprecedented health crisis the state stood by, supported businesses, supported workers, took over the payroll, gave a refundable advance and kept the productive fabric of the country standing.
We have had to deal at the same time with a provocative neighbour and recently, of course, the great crisis of precision, imported precision.
An inflationary crisis the likes of which we have never dealt with in the last 40 years.
But there, too, we have been close to the citizens.
You will have seen today that the electricity prices for next month have been announced and they are relatively lower than the previous prices.
You remember that a year ago, the first concern of the citizens was what to do with their electricity bills and you know very well that all this time, in every electricity bill, there was an amount that we would have paid without the state subsidy and that you finally paid because the state bent over the problem, found resources and supported households and businesses.
Because that was our obligation.
To stand close to society, in every difficulty, but without, at the same time, risking fiscal stability.
From 2023 onwards, our country should, according to European rules, be able to produce primary surpluses again, but precisely because we have very high growth, these primary surpluses are not only feasible, they can be combined with further tax cuts and cuts in employer contributions, which we will implement in our second four years.
A friend of mine who met me here said, "And what are you going to do about the business tax?
».
The business tax will be abolished within the next four years, as tax compliance of all those who are currently required to pay a tax which, because it is horizontal, is also unfair.
So we will continue this policy of tax reduction, we will continue the policy of supporting investment, we will continue the policy of strengthening and strengthening Greece in a troubled neighbourhood.
We will continue to protect our borders and despite all those who fight to the contrary, the fence on the Evros is being extended with or without European funds.
It is really sad, ladies and gentlemen, that today there are some opposition MEPs who are fighting in the European Parliament not to finance this fence with European funds.
All of us, the Greek taxpayers, should pay for a project that is necessary not only for Greece, but is necessary for Europe as a whole.
But I want to say two special words about the problems that you are facing here in Megalopolis.
I want young farmers - whom we have supported - and young livestock farmers who can come back into the primary sector, who can produce products that are competitively priced.
To reduce production costs overall, with photovoltaics that farmers and livestock farmers can also use, so that you can really be competitive.
This is our vision for the primary sector.
But here, in Megalopolis, I know very well that I am in a city that was and still is to a large extent the "energy heart" of our country.
You know very well that the transition, as we gradually move away from lignite, increases the obligation of the state and my obligation personally to be able to give a developmental outlet to a city that was largely identified with the production of electricity from lignite.
I want you to know that I personally, myself, at the 2020 European Council, fought hard to be able to secure the resources that today allow us to have a Fair Transition Fund with very favourable funding and the most favourable incentives throughout Greece, so that we can attract other kinds of investments here in Megalopolis.
I know there have been delays.
But it is a commitment of mine - and I want you to know this and I want you to have heard it from me - that the next four years, if the Greek people trust us, will be a four-year period in which our attention will be focused even more intensively on those areas of the country that de facto need care as electricity production from lignite will decline.
Megalopolis, here, the region of Ptolemaida, the region of Western Macedonia, have secured the maximum possible subsidies and funding.
This will de facto attract other kinds of investors who will come here to Megalopolis.
Always in consultation with the Region - and with the resources of the Region and national resources - we can plan with you a future for Megalopolis that will be more optimistic, that will be brighter.
I am not going to allow under any circumstances, in this overall vision of development that I have for the country, that there are regions that feel that they are lagging behind for historical reasons and cannot participate in this effort.
I will tell you only one thing: trust me.
What I say, I put into practice, and my credentials are the credibility of the works and words that have distinguished the whole of our four years of government.
Because what we said to you during the election, we have to a very large extent put into practice.
I didn't promise you miracles.
I promised you hard work, concrete goals, measurable results.
And today, as we take stock, I think all our fellow citizens in good faith recognize that Greece is in a much better position than where it was in 2019.
We are stronger, with a stronger economy.
We are recognised in Europe as the pleasant surprise.
Nobody talks about Greece as the "black sheep" of Europe anymore.
And so the big question, and that's why this election is so critical, is whether we're going to continue on this course or are we going to risk it all and kick the can down the road and go back, I wonder, to where?
In what era?
In the age of high taxes?
In the era of open borders?
In the era of closed banks?
At a time when Greece's opinion did not count either in Europe or anywhere else in the world?
We must not, friends, risk all that we have achieved.
Have we completed our work?
Obviously not.
Have we made mistakes?
Of course we have made mistakes.
But you tell me if you remember another Prime Minister who courageously, in the face of any mistake, stood before the Greek citizens and told them, "I take responsibility, I learn from my mistakes and I will correct the mistakes.
That's what I did during the four years and that's what I will continue to do.
Infallible is only the one who does absolutely nothing.
We are much more experienced today than we were four years ago.
I will reiterate that we have mobilized very important European resources to be able to implement our plan for the Greece we envision.
And we ask the Greek citizens to give us this opportunity to continue the work that we have started.
Greece could not change in four years, but much has changed and much more can change.
We have given the writing samples.
Our credentials to the Greek citizens, as I said, are our credibility, our consistency, our honesty, that we will always speak the language of truth.
You will never hear from me things that I know I am not able to deliver in the next four years.
You'll never hear that from me.
It's very easy, you know, when you're the leader of the Opposition and you know, more or less, that you're going to lose the election, to come and say: "I'm going to cut taxes, I'm going to raise wages, I'm going to write off all the loans, I'm going to give away houses.".
And I don't know what else Mr.
Tsipras.
But he had said this before.
He said it in Thessaloniki in 2014, you remember it, don't you?
"Tear up the memorandum with one law and one article", "abolish all taxes" and then we saw very well what happened.
A third unnecessary memorandum, 90 billion.
, almost 100 billion.
on your backs and a Greece that was crawling.
Closed banks, queues outside the banks.
Remember this image, it is not so distant that we have forgotten it.
But for me, my friends, I do not stand so much on comparison, because I always want us, our party and I personally, not only to compete with our opponent, but to compare ourselves with our best selves, with what we can achieve.
That's what you want to hear from us.
The comparison is and will be made automatically, I believe, also by those citizens who may not yet have decided what to vote for.
But to close by telling you something that I think is extremely important.
The conditions and international circumstances are still very difficult.
You see that we live in a world of constant turmoil, with a neighbour who has been very nervous for 3.5 years now.
Right now, yes, the climate is better, but who can guarantee that this will continue the next day, after the Greek and Turkish elections?
What is needed first and foremost is a stable government with a strong popular mandate.
Under no circumstances should we get involved in adventures of instability, in governments of "cooperation", which will be the result of compromises and agreements made in some dark rooms.
This does not serve the national interest today.
I am not sure things will get any easier, we will need an experienced crew to keep the ship of Greece stable in the troubled waters we are sailing and I imagine we will continue to sail in the years to come.
That is why this ballot, especially the ballot on 21 May, is so important.
This ballot box is the crucial ballot box.
Because I hear a lot of people saying, "if there will probably be a second ballot with enhanced proportional representation, why does the first ballot matter so much?
».
I answer them, for two reasons.
The first one is because in the first ballot we have to send a strong message about who will govern Greece the next day.
So, strong New Democracy, who do you want in the government, who do you want as Prime Minister.
The second reason is because we have to prevent a scenario of "political monstrosity", which I believe is giving a shudder to many Greek citizens.
Think of a scenario of a Tsipras - Androulakis - Varoufakis coalition government.
Varoufakis returning as Finance Minister, Tsipras as Prime Minister, I don't know which other executives, Polakis as Health Minister.
I don't know what else you can think of.
But this scenario, which we call "the government of the losers", is mathematically a possible scenario.
And when Mr.
Tsipras, "I am not going to make a government of the losers", I tell you, here from Megalopolis, that I do not believe a single word of what Mr.
Tsipras.
If the beans come out, I have no doubt he will hesitate to do so.
However, we have an obligation to ensure that the pips do not fall out and that New Democracy will be strong at the ballot box on May 21, so that we can continue on the course we have already charted.
So let me ask you, after thanking you again for being here today.
I ask you, and especially our executives, as the election period officially starts tomorrow and we have four weeks until the elections, to fight the race with dignity.
We will not become SYRIZA and we will not become SYRIZA under any circumstances in terms of the quality of public discourse, in terms of vulgarity and in terms of toxicity.
Because you see, on the occasion of the recent events that have come to light, that those who were digging the pit of toxicity and christening an entire party - you remember those hashtags on the internet, #NDviolent, #pederast and all these incredible squalor that we were hearing.
You see, now, how life works out and all these miseries come back to bite you.
We are not going to do the same.
And I will forbid any of our officials to use political discourse of this "quality".
We have work that we can defend.
We have a programme for the next four years which we will present in detail next week.
We have a plan for Greece.
We have a vision for Greece.
We are inspired by the history of our great party, the New Democracy.
We know that we have always been the ones who have made the nationally correct and imperative decisions for our country.
We will do the same now.
Together we can dream of a much better Greece, for all and for all, where no one is left behind.
I repeat, this has a special reference for you here in Megalopolis and what I ask you is that you give me, as you did in 2019 - and I believe I did not contradict you - give me the strength to make our plan a reality.
Thank you very much.
Be well.
Good race, good strength and goodbye.
Be well.
Thank you very much.
And I'm glad to see so many young people here and I'm glad to see so many children.
I was glad to see a lot of kids, seventeen-year-olds, eighteen-year-olds.
Let me make a specific reference.
For these children to stay in Greece, we need jobs and good education.
Do you know when the children go out?
The children who are leaving are the children who left during the years of the crisis.
When there were no jobs and when the Greek economy was sinking.
Well, my obligation is not only to bring back the children who have left, but especially the children who will stay here to go to a good university, to go to a good technical school and the next day to find a decent job, which will only come with growth and investment.
That's my job and that's what I'm fighting for.
Be well.
Thank you very much.".
