Dear friends, dear girlfriends.
 On behalf of the Central Committee of the KKE.
 I would also like to welcome you and thank you for your presence at this meeting today.
 Thank you and for your useful and valuable contributions.
 We seek to strengthen reflection.
 The debate, but also the struggle.
 And the claim.
 For all that is necessary to walk with stability on the path of social integration of the Roma.
 On the way to a definitive solution to a chronic social problem.
 You are well aware that the Communist Party of Greece does not deal with this serious social question casually.
 We are the party that consistently and consistently supports the just demands of the official Roma trade unions to stop the shameful images in the various camps that have tragic results for the lives of the Roma themselves, but also for the rest of the people living or working in the surrounding areas.
 And from this platform we literally shake hands with the President, the Board of Directors of the Confederation of Greek Roma, Ellan Passe, and its scientific partners who continue a titanic, a very great effort.
 Without the necessary state support for this valuable work, without the necessary funding, without the necessary material support to fight the battle from better positions.
 On the occasion of the International Roma Day which is tomorrow 8 April, our thoughts are with the thousands of Roma who live under miserable conditions in the dozens of camps where they live without electricity, without drinking water, without any infrastructure, without any state care for the protection of the health of all these people.
 Our mind and thought.
 It is found simultaneously in the thousands of bio-framers.
 To the Roma who, through personal sacrifice and personal struggle, managed to study, to join the workforce, to overcome the obstacles imposed on them by the official state and the racist hatred of various groups, mainly fascist groups.
 To all those who, by their example, refute all this unacceptable.
 Arguments that want to attribute the miserable situation experienced by the Roma to alleged characteristics of the race in order to hide the social causes of this problem.
 Our thoughts are also with social workers, teachers, mediators, lawyers involved in the defence of human rights.
 It is also found in other scientists who give battle every day in the field and their only reward is literally the daily even small results of this arduous, complex mission that they have undertaken, all of them today can utilize their experience, to realize more deeply what we have often said.
 What the KKE has pointed out many times, namely that in the face of every effort to improve our lives in order to solve chronic or even new social problems, we find an obstacle in the way of a state that is literally hostile to the people.
 The state that considers the protection of the life and property of the people to be a cost.
 From natural disasters.
 For example, the state that considers the cost of critical infrastructure as goods for the life of the people, such as the railways with the tragedy of the Tempi River that we recently experienced, such as water, such as public health and so much more.
 It is the state itself that considers all the necessary and substantial measures that can contribute to the solution of the complex issue of the social integration of the Roma to be costly.
 A state hostile to what is necessary to decisively improve the lives of the majority of our people is at the same time becoming too.
 You see friendly and effective.
 Only to serve to serve the profits of a few big business groups.
 Friends and friends.
 It has been shown that the problem is not addressed by some piecemeal measures, nor by various programmes advertised by the governments of the day, programmes that involve the various NGOs in this socially sensitive issue in order to hide the state's responsibility for solving this issue, which is ultimately a broader one.
 Recognition that the social integration of Roma requires humane living conditions.
 Inclusion of all in employment, modern housing conditions that will ensure the diffusion of the Roma within the whole of society and not some isolation in ghetto areas, requires a set of measures for their equal access to education that will address school dropout with state care, but also greater support.
 of these children in the educational process, given the greater difficulties they face but all of them.
 Which are a social right for all the people.
 The current system of exploitation called capitalism is called capitalism and all the parties willing to manage it treat them as a very expensive commodity.
 It turns out that this capitalist path, which stands as a basic obstacle to the social integration of the Roma, as well as an obstacle to the people's effort for a decent life, for a life with full rights, rights which, it must be said here, the Roma enjoyed along with all the people in the countries of socialism at that time.
 When there was the socialist system where they lived, despite any difficulties or shortcomings that existed there of course, with this present system and the parties that serve it, we have to finally get rid of it.
 We are saying this to pave the way for radical changes for the benefit of our people as a whole.
 The issue of housing for the Roma, as for the entire Greek people.
 It cannot be solved today by parties like SYRIZA that made electronic auctions of first homes and turned the mobilizations to prevent them into a personal offense that gave red loans to funds to the crows that opened the auctions for debts over 500 €.
 It cannot be solved by parties like the New Democracy, which has retained and exploited all the legislative initiatives before SYRIZA and even extended them by opening up auctions for debts of €1 and above.
 It cannot be solved by piecemeal measures that are reminiscent of rave logic, he explained, with the most typical example being the Roma loans that were given about 20 years ago to Roma families, but because they were unable to repay them, they are now threatened with auctions and their return to the camps again.
 The KKE stands as a whole on the side of the thousands of working people who, because of this anti-people's policy, are on the blacklists of auctions; it stands against all Greek governments, the bourgeois state, the banks and the construction companies, the residents themselves and the.
 Commodity they exploit.
 The housing needs of our people as an object only of profitability, leading to the threat of auctioning even the first house.
 Their responsibility is multiplied in the case of the Roma, as these loans were given under the responsibility of the state and in the framework of alleged programmes for their social integration.
 Mr. E demands that the state be responsible for protecting the thousands of people's households, among them the Roma, who have not been able to repay these loans.
 With most of their debts now written off.
 This proposal by Mr.
 Ε.
 Y submitted an amendment to it in the Parliament, but the government of the New Democracy, which has the majority.
 But the other parties, such as SYRIZA, which is the official opposition, PASOK in Parliament, did not speak out, nor did they do the Chinese, as we say.
 Really, can we wonder to solve the issue of equitable access to high quality public health care.
 The New Democracy and PASOK, who closed public hospitals because they considered them to be a cost, or SYRIZA for example, who kept them closed and closed some others, can solve it, those who even today after the adventure.
 The pandemic with the coronavirus and so on.
 They are still keeping public hospitals understaffed and are responsible for the real breakdown of primary health care.
 The responsibilities of all those who governed and govern this country for the large school drop-out rate of Roma students are the same and timeless, as there is no state care to ensure that the educational process is not interrupted.
 A complex issue, of course, as many times its continuation is undermined by choices or, if you like, by wrong perceptions of the family itself.
 But when we are talking about a real social issue that is identified, when everyone is arguing that the educational process is one of the crucial issues to solve, so that other generations are not lost, then.
 The responsibility lies with the state itself because it is necessary to staff the school units with more teachers, so that there is the possibility of personalized assistance, to staff them with other necessary personnel such as social workers, psychologists, the connection of the school unit with the Roma community in each region.
 And ensuring close cooperation with the family itself.
 These are necessary to be ensured for all pupils, of course, let alone for the Roma, who have increased needs, increased demands of course.
 These sound like luxuries.
 But only to all those who, during the pandemic, did not take care of the continuation of the educational process, since in a house without electricity, without Internet, tele-education is impossible.
 We all know it, we all understand it, we all experienced it.
 And from this platform today.
 We want to denounce the government of the New Democracy for excluding many Roma families from receiving child benefit, because they say they do not meet the requirement of school enrolment or even actual attendance.
 It is unacceptable and indicative of how this state and the government of the day.
 This very serious issue.
 Friends and friends.
 The Communist, Greece many times in the past has highlighted that all other parties, the Greek governments, have used the Roma as scapegoats for critical social problems, to hide their own.
 But responsibility for the existence and perpetuation of these problems is being targeted and literally pointing the finger at the Roma in order to get rid of them.
 They themselves, by the political cost and by the responsibility they have, at the same time that it is their own policy that keeps them on the sidelines and ghettoizes them, while a permanent component of state policy is repression against them.
 The latest examples of state violence and police arbitrariness that resulted in the deaths of Nikos Sambanis in Perama and Kostas Fragoulis in Thessaloniki are very characteristic.
 Just as typical was the argumentation of New Democracy government officials and various other parrots in the media.
 After these sad features, where.
 They closed the issue of crime to only 20 € of unpaid petrol only to exonerate a gun-pulling policy on the grounds that lawlessness cannot be tolerated.
 Really, all those who today play the role of defenders of the protection of our people from criminality have not heard anything about the contacts of criminal circles with members of the Greek police themselves have not heard anything about the tolerance or participation of the state mechanism's own enclaves with such circles They have heard, they know.
 But they seek to blame crime on specific social groups in order to hide the participation of large business interests that make millions of euros from the dirty deeds of the rotten system they defend and of course in these dirty deeds people are exploited and active who, with state responsibility, remain on the sidelines.
 And they are often or sometimes easily exploited by these schemes.
 From all of the above, the working people in our country can understand that the same state policy feeds the racism that fuels fascism with zero or fragmentary or even zero measures of social integration.
 The example of the measures announced by the SYRIZA government, if you remember, is the example of the measures that were.
 After the death of the little Marius for Roma recruitment in the police.
 It is characteristic that it fuelled the action and the arguments of fascist groups at that time, in conditions when unemployment was running high in this region, because these measures were not only fragmentary, but ultimately unworkable.
 As proved by life itself.
 But speaking of fascism.
 We cannot fail to mention that exactly one year ago today all of them except the KKE sat in the Parliament.
 In Zelenski's speech, while everyone was applauding the fascists of Azov, some standing and others sitting, hiding so as not to complain 5 and all that we tell them and all the same, some of SYRIZA were applauding like this under the benches, but they were caught by the cameras.
 While the others of the new democracy and some others.
 More openly over the benches, where they now sat.
 On the occasion of the case with the Nazi Kasidiaris party, the government and various other parrots are shedding their crocodile tears you see on the channels when it is they themselves who tolerate and pave the ground with their policies to racism, to Nazism, to fascism, when it is the governments of New Democracy and Syriza who are responsible for the delay.
 In the Golden Dawn trial, for example, which if it had been completed, there would have been no question of the participation of such Nazi criminals in the elections.
 And now they are trying to prevent it with dangerous provisions, even giving them the title of anti-systemic, when it turns out that such pieces are flesh of the flesh of the system.
 It is the people themselves who, through their struggle, must send such pieces to the dustbin of history along with their rotten reactionary and deeply systemic ideology.
 We are the party that speaks openly and clearly to all the Greek people.
 We do not want and do not develop clientelism for a few votes, as they shamelessly do, for example.
 Urban political parties of all shades are also an example of how they treat the Roma and how they themselves are an obstacle to their social integration.
 Friends and friends.
 We call upon you in the coming elections and in the struggle to strengthen the KKE, a force that you will find next to you and the next day the force that can really look you in the eye.
 The power that can be expressed by every working people to express and defend their own right to condemn and punish governments and parties that have brought us to this point, but above all to open the way for a better life, for us, for our children.
 And this goal can be fulfilled with the people at the forefront.
 And not a spectator, with working people's power, a genuine people's government with the people and the Communist, Greece as the protagonists in the governance of the country.
 Thank you.
