 He didn't know even now that his minister had left the railway network in ruins.  Nice executive state.  The chief of staff knows nothing.  But who can believe him anymore.  Hypocrisy there are times when it cannot convince anyone, it cannot hide.  Everyone now understands that behind the constant "I didn't know" lies the fear of responsibility.  That is why the responsibility for the accident, in such an outrageous way, on the first day went to the stationmaster, on the second day it went to the rail regulator, on the third day to the previous government - the easy one -, on the fourth day to all of them together, but to no one in particular.  But a government, ladies and gentlemen, that chooses everywhere, in all critical matters, to cover up and a Prime Minister who is afraid of responsibility is a government and a Prime Minister who fills the whole of Greek society with fear, fear for security, fear for life.  And seeing the attitude of the government, especially after the tragedy, one feels that this fear, this insecurity and the feeling that those responsible for people's lives don't care - this is the feeling - when they so easily rush to make a ball of responsibility.  And, you know, the worst thing is that it prepares new tragedies and the attempt to cover up the truth prepares new tragedies.  It is not a matter of revenge to find out the truth and to be held accountable, it is a prerequisite for not having a similar tragedy again. So what is the purpose of the Prime Minister's own insistence, on the very next day of the accident, and while the justice system had already been involved from the very first moment, that he and his government appoint a three-member committee of experts for the accident?  Where did you hear this.  The people being checked after a major accident that has been brought before the judiciary, in fact, to appoint the committee that will check them.  And of course you didn't even keep up appearances.  You appointed the chairman of the OSE, during the period of the overwhelming devaluation of the OSE in 2010-2015, to come up with a conclusion on the long-standing responsibilities, that is, he himself, who was then in charge.  And after the outcry, you replaced him with another one who also, however, had previously had service contracts with the OSE. 