Speech by the Prime Minister and President of the New Democracy Kyriakos Mitsotakis in LamiaMessrs and Gentlemen Ministers and Members of Parliament, dear Regional Governor, dear Fani, dear Regional Governor of Thessaly, dear Kostas, Young Democrats of Fthiotida, thank you for this warm welcome.
The heart of Roumeli is blue today.
 And with your dynamic presence you are the best answer to those who doubt that New Democracy is the great party that guarantees stability.
But also the great party that at the same time ensures the progress of our country.
 We alone can lead Greece to the future it deserves and we will do it.
 We will win the next elections to run even faster ahead.
 To change the country more boldly, more effectively, for our individual and overall prosperity and for a country that will make us truly proud.
May is near, bringing with it a new spring with your double message.
 It is a message of reflection, but also of collective reconstruction after the tragedy of Tempi.
 It is also a wake-up call for the country to stay on a trajectory of growth and prosperity, sweeping away those islands of delay that are still resisting with the light of the new Greece.
 A light that must be spread everywhere and to everyone.
Because we now know that in Tempe, where you also mourned your own compatriots, human errors met with the shortcomings of a problematic organisation.
 With long-standing problems, which unfortunately we have not been able to fully address before the evil caught up with us.
That's why I took responsibility in the name of all those who ruled the country, because the drama happened with us at the helm.
 Personally I never hid, nor will I say "it's everyone else's fault but ours".
 We, therefore, have the first duty to set the conditions so that such an evil never, ever happens again.
I promised this to the mother of Spyros, the engine driver from Lianokladi, who lost her only son.
 I would say the same to the parents of Elpida, of Giannis, of all the young children who were so unjustly lost.
And this promise I consider my sacred duty.
 No one hurts more today than the families of the victims.
 But no Greek is in more or less pain than the other.
So I will not follow those who pour party poison on a national trauma.
 I stick to the obvious truth that everyone has now realized.
Telecommanding of trains - which should have been ready by 2016 - was never done by the government of the day.
 While we may have accelerated it, installed a local control in Larissa, but we failed to complete the project nationwide on time.
And as for the individual behaviours of the unacceptable dialogues, the urns, the blancos, the fake hours, all this will be judged by justice.
 But they still show the old Greece that I will fight and change.
 First I'd like to turn back the clock.
  But the place must not be left behind.
 Our task, then, is to grit our teeth and turn sadness and anger into stubbornness for great changes.
This is the big difference in the political ethos of this party.
 For our part, we admitted that we did not bring to the OSE the changes that were made to other infrastructure, especially to the roads.
In this field, therefore, our attempt at reform has been defeated.
 It did not break down the wall long built by irresponsible statism and individual "pampering".
 We lost this battle.
 But we will persevere more vigorously in the war with the past.
 Until every public action and every individual attitude is changed.
And so I feel that we must also respond to those who insist on investing in misfortune.
 The trap of anachronism, you see, is not only lurking in public functions, it is also lurking in political behaviour.
 And such, unfortunately, we have many of them lately.
 Behaviours that confuse and create toxic impressions.
Just the other day Mr.
 Spirtzis spoke for almost two hours in the Parliament, without finding an apology for the disastrous events that took place during his days.
 And its leader, with various lies, told us roughly that everything was working perfectly on the Greek railways until July 2019.
We will see this play many times heading into the elections.
 Only it will fail miserably, since truth rejects oblivion before anything else.
 Citizens remember and avenge the cynicism of those who vote on national pain.
 And of course they do not forget the very important things we have achieved in these four years, which no one can erase.
Allies of the party, no government since the post-war period has faced more exogenous crises in its term of office than ours.
 The President said it in his brief introduction.
 From the migratory invasions in Evros in March 2020 and the constant threats of a provocative Turkey, to the pandemic, the war in Ukraine, the energy crisis, the onslaught of global insecurity, a series of major natural disasters, floods, "Janus", the devastating fire in northern Evia.
 You don't have to think about what would happen to the country if all this happened to others.
So I could easily stand before you today and say: "I am sorry, I could not implement our election programme as I had to constantly manage one crisis after another.".
 And yet, the truth agreement that we signed in 2019 has been kept, friends.
I remember when I spoke during the election here in Lamia in 2019.
 What I told you then.
 What were our core commitments.
 That we will cut taxes and increase jobs and investment, while supporting the most vulnerable.
 I told you that we would bring growth to the economy by reducing our distance from Europe.
 I told you that we have to unite a divided society and that we have to make our country geopolitically strong again.
 That's what I told you.
 That's what I was committed to.
 I wonder if we did it.
 Let's get the facts, away from the fake news.
Today citizens have indeed been relieved of dozens of tax burdens.
 We said we would reduce the ENFIA by 30%.
 We reduced it by 35%.
 We had said that we would abolish the solidarity contribution for every Greek woman and every Greek and we abolished it.
We didn't say it before the election, but today, every parent passes on their efforts to their children for free.
 We abolished the tax on parental benefits up to 800.
000 euro.
We told you that all citizens would pay lower contributions and they are paying lower contributions today, a significant relief for both workers and businesses.
 I told you, here in Lamia, that we will create many new jobs.
 We created 300.
000 new jobs.
I told you that we want to make Greece attractive again for foreign investment and we are constantly attracting foreign investment.
 Tourism revenues go from record to record.
 And it is not only the revenues for the state, it is also the earnings of tourism workers which are increasing.
It is the same with exports, they are going from record to record, including agricultural products that are of such interest to your Region.
I told you then that I want to raise the minimum wage significantly.
 We received the minimum wage at 650 euros and today it is 780 euros.
 The recommendations of the expert technocrats were for a lower increase.
 I personally took this decision together with the economic staff, because I am the first to recognise, friends, that wages in our country are still low and because I think how difficult it is for a young child on the minimum wage to make ends meet with the 713 euros he was getting before the increase.
Will raising the minimum wage solve all problems.
 No.
 But surely one cannot deny that it is a significant relief, especially for young people who are now entering the labour market.
I told you then that we would support pensioners and they saw for the first time in 12 years an increase of 7.75%.
 And I remember when we announced the increase, we knew even then that there was an issue with the notorious personal difference of the Katrougalos law.
 We did not legislate it.
 One must ask someone else for the change.
But we are making an extraordinary intervention and those who are wronged by the Katrougalos personal difference will get an extraordinary support of 200 to 300 euros at the end of this month.
I told you that I want to make a major intervention in our education.
 In our schools.
 For the first time in 12 years, 25 people were appointed.
000 permanent teachers, more than 4.
000 in special education, 1.
742 in fact here in the Region of Sterea Ellada.
 Kindergarten starts at four, foreign language is taught from kindergarten.
In a country that now has 116 model schools, of which 3 in Chalkida and Lamia and a new model, vocational high school in Amfissa.
 And of course I do not forget that from the public school of Lamia was the first of the first in the national exams.
We are upgrading vocational education throughout the country, because children who follow post-secondary education should also know that they have good opportunities for vocational rehabilitation.
 And our universities are changing, offering young people a future and career prospects, with knowledge and not with sledgehammers, as some want.
During the pandemic we supported businesses across the country and saved hundreds of thousands of jobs.
 Here, in Central Greece alone, small and medium-sized enterprises received more than 230 million euros from the circles of refundable and non-refundable advance payment.
We supported our farmers, more than 400 million received by producers.
 More than 150 million only here in Central Greece received the most vulnerable citizens.
 While we have secured and are giving almost half a billion to regenerate Evia after the devastating fires that hit it.
At the same time, the state continues to erect many barriers to imported precision.
 The Household Basket and the Market Pass provide a significant relief to everyday life and I am optimistic, cautiously optimistic that the worst of inflation is now behind us.
 We are already among the lowest in Europe.
But also in the face of the energy crisis, the state stood by the citizen.
 You see it, I think, in your electricity bills, every month you see and you see in the last year the amount that you would have paid without the government subsidy and the amount that you end up paying.
And we managed to keep the electricity bills down and we did it by taxing, mind you, the big electricity producers, not only with money from the state budget.
 Proof that we are not only the party of development, but the great people's party of social justice.
 All the above are not words, but tangible actions.
 I remember during the 2019 election campaign I was talking to you about my vision for a digital public administration.
 For the possibility for citizens to communicate with the state from their mobile phone, from their computer.
 For many at the time this seemed like a foreign language.
 And yet today the gov.
gr processes 1.2 billion digital transactions.
Imagine our life without the gov.
gr.
  No.
 But it was a central pre-election commitment of New Democracy on how we perceive the relationship between the citizen, the business and the state.
Energy infrastructure and irrigation projects are being implemented at high speed.
 In your region, moreover, you have several important irrigation projects, such as the one in Vistrizas, the one planned in Anthili, in the centre of the plain of Lamia.
 And all this at the same time as the implementation of a series of major infrastructure projects.
 Road axes, pending issues from the past completed.
 The E65 here in your region will connect three regions: the Sterea, Thessaly and Western Macedonia.
 An absolutely critical project of national importance funded by the Recovery Fund.
 The Athens Metro is spreading.
 The Thessaloniki Metro is completed.
 All these were our pre-election commitments which we are implementing.
And of course, I told you in 2019 that in the dangerous neighborhood we are in, our country cannot afford not to invest in the modernization of our national defense.
Just the day before yesterday, on March 25th, the ultra-modern Rafale aircraft that we acquired through an intergovernmental agreement flew into the Attica sky in record time.
 Their headquarters, their base is in Tanagra.
 Along with them flew the upgraded F-16 Viper, whose modernization is being implemented with great speed in another major industry which is located on the borders of your own Region, the Greek Aircraft Industry which we took over in a tragic state, we added personnel and today it can perform its critical role of supporting our war industry.
The modern Marder tanks that we recently received from Germany were paraded in Athens for the first time.
 What some people used to mock us and say: "Why are you sending older tanks to Germany and from there to Ukraine.
 To get what exactly.
».
 Here's what we got.
 Something much better than what we sent.
At the same time, the first two Belharra frigates are being built in France, at the shipyards of Lorian.
 But not only that.
 The Elefsina Shipyards, the Skaramanga Shipyards were saved by this government from certain destruction and are coming back to life.
So, the clouds of circumstance, my friends, even if they temporarily shade the horizon, cannot hide the difference between Greece of 2019 and Greece of 2023.
In 2019, the country was the laggard in growth in Europe, but was a champion in wage and pension cuts.
 It now has one of the most dynamic economies in Europe.
 Reduced unemployment by 7 percentage points.
 We have the fastest deceleration of public debt as a percentage of GDP in all of Europe.
 We have increased, despite imported precision, the disposable income of its citizens.
And of course Moria's Greece, the one that once did not distinguish maritime borders, today saves lives in the Aegean and extends the fence on Evros.
 Leaving the sidelines.
 It accepts investment from everywhere.
 But above all, he has a voice that is now heard everywhere: from the US Congress and Brussels, to Israel and the Arab world.
 Greece has regained its geopolitical prestige and its opinion and voice finally counts again.
 New Democrats, I have insisted on this indicative account not to celebrate.
 Any other.
 And we made mistakes and there were delays and we saw setbacks.
 Nor has the country become a paradise in four years.
 After all, I never promised miracles, but I did promise truths and hard work.
And I'm well aware that many of our fellow citizens are struggling to make ends meet.
 I'm well aware that wages are still low.
 I'm well aware that young people today have a hard time getting a home.
 I am well aware that the National Health System, although it stood up during the pandemic, still has serious shortcomings.
 I know very well that the old deep state of inefficiency and mediocrity shows its teeth at every opportunity.
I spoke in this way to illustrate two elements that I want you as party members to remind your interlocutors: firstly, I want you to remind us of the consistency of words and deeds in our policy, especially when our opponent had ordered us to tear up the memoranda with a law, to close the banks afterwards and to burden us with a third unnecessary memorandum.
It matters.
 It's important, you know, this consistency of words and deeds.
 It is the one that ultimately builds trust relationships.
 Because we will become much more credible about what we will tell the citizens that we will do in the second four years, when we prove with arguments that what we told them four years ago we have actually implemented.
The second reason why I want us to insist a little more on the assessment of this four-year period is because this work is a response to some general aphorisms that this will always be Greece and Greece does not change.
No friends and friends, Greece is changing.
 Changes.
 Sometimes not as fast as we want, but it changes.
 And just as the country of 2023 has nothing to do with the Greece of 2019, the Greece of 2027 will be much, much better than today's Greece.
And in this way the big bet of the next elections arises: do we go forward or do we go back?
 Will we confront the bad past even more bravely, even more boldly, or will we finally come to terms with it?
And we will decide together, united, to overcome mistakes and obstacles or we will be defeated by making the wrong choices.
 Will we consolidate all that we have achieved or will we roll back, doomed like Sisyphus to push the rock of the country back up the hill of progress?
In other words, we will move forward together by changing the country boldly.
 This will be the question that citizens will be asked to answer tomorrow.
And that is why, today, I will not go into much detail on the development plan of Central Greece with the 540 projects of 4.2 billion that we presented earlier.
It is worthwhile, I believe, all those who are interested in the welfare of your country to read it, to study it.
 You will find a very well thought out plan with secured funding resources.
A plan that was developed in consultation with the local community, with projects that you proposed to us.
 A plan that covers all the main policy pillars, that addresses chronic infrastructure pathologies, that emphasizes the primary sector, that emphasizes the comparative advantages of your Region and that, if implemented, can truly make Central Greece a champion in growth and social well-being.
 Covering indicatively large gaps that existed in the infrastructure.
A parenthesis to open, I had committed in 2019 that I do not want any Region of our country, any Regional Unit to be cut off from the central fabric.
 That is why we are promoting a number of important road projects.
 The Bralos-Amfissa is one of them, which we unstuck.
The Chalkida bypass which was recently contracted.
 The very important project which came about through consultation with the local community.
 A road axis that will connect central and northern Evia.
And of course, a project for which I have not hidden my personal interest.
 A project which I commit here that in one way or another will be done, and I am referring to the connection between Lamia and Karpenisi.
This is not the only thing that the plan that we presented.
 It makes detailed reference, as I said, to the major comparative advantages of your Region.
 How the Region can become a leader in the secondary sector, in manufacturing, in the tertiary sector, in tourism.
 Important investments that I had the opportunity to visit today with the Regional Governor and the Mayor, the Lamia Exhibition, projects financed by the Recovery Fund, important interventions in health, education, culture.
In other words, a coherent roadmap for the dynamic Region of 2030, for Central Greece, which I ask you to give us the strength to make a reality together.
Because I know very well that it is not only important to talk about the big things and the national things, but we must also talk about the things that concern the citizens, about the regional problems, about your local problems, about the support of the municipalities.
 The Mayors who are with us know that no government has ever made more financial tools available to them than the New Democracy government.
 And many projects that are being implemented across Greece are funded by the Antonis Tritsis programme.
So this is the reality of regional development and we must highlight it at every opportunity.
 And to talk mainly about the future, about what we want to do, as I said, with the credibility of a party that has given credentials in the consistency of words and deeds.
And I want you, of course, to know something else.
 I want you to know that on the road to the polls we will face opponents who unfortunately remain incorrigible.
 We'll be facing the same sad protagonists.
 Because our opponents have not changed.
 I haven't seen any new faces, they're the same.
 On the one hand, the political bully, Mr.
 Polakis, and on the other hand the irrevocably convicted for misconduct, Mr.
 Pappas.
   I don't know if you noticed, SYRIZA started its campaign with the slogan "Justice everywhere".
 After the conviction of Mr.
 Pappa was quickly withdrawn, because justice was indeed done in this case and his closest associate Mr.
 Tsipras was convicted 13-0, mind you, by the Supreme Court, of the most dishonorable offense for a public figure, which is none other than misconduct in office.
So what will the opposition tell us.
 That Mr.
 Spirtzis will fix the trains.
 Mr.
 Katrougalos will fix your pensions.
 Mr.
 Filis will fix education.
 And also, beware, that those who refused national armaments will supposedly protect us from foreign threats.
 Or are they going to tell us that those who made Greece a "closed vineyard" are supposed to guard the borders?
The only thing they are not shouting - but clearly implying it - is that they will meet again with Mr.
 Varoufakis, to close the banks again and return taxes.
 Well, "no, thank you", the citizens reply.
 They've had it and they've learned, there will be no second time in disaster.
And SYRIZA may have left behind the "mine" of the simple proportional representation, in order to serve exactly this: chaos and political instability, but the Greeks have both memory and knowledge, they know very well where they want to go, but they do not forget, we do not forget where we started from.
Thus they will cancel both the "bomb" of ungovernability and a new political anomaly.
 And that is why I say that in the first and decisive ballot, the voters will decide who will govern the country.
 And when I say "who" I mean which party and which Prime Minister.
While the second will decide how this Prime Minister will govern.
 It's so simple and so clear.
 It is therefore a single procedure in which neither frivolous choices nor reckless messages of protest are allowed.
I'll say it again as clearly as I can: neither of these can be fixed afterwards.
 The harm to the country and society will have been done.
 And the landscape, unfortunately, is further blurred by those who talk about a supposed cooperation, but actually refer to paralysis.
How else to interpret statements about coalition governments but without a Prime Minister chosen by the citizens?
And what does this "unknown X" who will lead the next day mean?
 That citizens will vote blindly.
 One they want and another one to eventually emerge.
 I'm sorry, but this is not serious stuff.
 I'll put it as simply as possible: You vote for New Democracy to have Mitsotakis as Prime Minister.
 Let's say you vote for SYRIZA to have Tsipras as Prime Minister.
 But why vote for something you don't know what it will be tomorrow.
That is, such positions do not correspond to the criticality of the moments.
 We are living in very difficult times and it is not foreseen that the international environment will become easier.
We have a war in Ukraine which is going on, an energy crisis which seems to be under control but we don't know what is going to happen in 6 to 12 months.
 We have the waves of international inflation, we have increases in the interest rates of the European Central Bank.
We have a global, watch out, banking turmoil.
 I open brackets: with Greek banks and Greek deposits completely shielded and safe.
 Because this is also a success of this government.
 Consider where our banks were in 2015.
So the world is very unstable.
 Decisions must be taken at the highest level.
 I have personally participated in more than 30 Summits representing our country.
So in this very unpredictable world, what does our country need.
 Above all, you need certainty.
 You need a captain and crew who can demonstrably weather rough seas.
 I would like to remind you, by the way, that neighbouring Turkey also has elections almost at the same time as we do.
Our country also needs more than ever to continue on the path of growth that brings jobs and better income.
 This job is not finished.
 We still have a lot of work to do in order to be able to truly converge with Europe.
 And finally, truth and consistency are needed to modernise the state.
But for all this to happen, the new government will have to move in a coordinated and swift manner.
 Decisions cannot, friends, be lost in the corridors of party bargaining, nor can they be cancelled through endless debates.
I want you to think a little bit about what is happening in a number of European countries that have a simple proportional representation electoral system.
 I don't know how many of you know that neighbouring Bulgaria has a simple proportional representation.
 Neighbouring Bulgaria will therefore go to the polls on 2 April.
 For those of you who don't know, this is the fifth, I repeat, the fifth election in two years.
 This is the reality of proportional representation in many countries.
As well, another reality is that cooperative governments and in countries that have experience of such governments do not seem to work very effectively.
 A country that has a long tradition of cooperative governments is Germany and today, three parties have enormous difficulty in being able to get along with each other.
We don't need something like that in our country.
 The country is asking for clear horizons in its course, so it is asking for clear solutions in its leadership.
 This can be described in five words: "Self-reliant Greece.
 Independent New Democracy".
 Only in this way, only in this way will we consolidate our conquests and be able to confront our failures more forcefully.
 And I speak to you with my hand on my heart.
 I always keep in mind, an admonition I often hear.
 My fellow citizens who tell us that "it is time to confront even more forcefully the system as it has been structured so far".
 They say to me: 'Don't become a politician of the series.
 Make a difference".
These are words that - you know - hurt, but they are also words that at the same time lead me.
 And I will serve this difference until it becomes the norm in everyday life.
 It is an everyday life where much has changed, but more remains to be changed before we are hurt again.
And this is the moral basis, the value system of my political philosophy.
 I never hesitate to apologize when I feel heavy with the facts.
 But I always have to frame the self-criticism with the perspective, only in this way I believe that the country will become better.
 With her, we will become better too.
This party, after all, has proven that it knows how to lead the Greece of yesterday into tomorrow.
 We were the first to talk about Europe and we were the first to make Greece a member of it in spite of everyone, when Constantine Karamanlis went against public opinion and put Greece in the European family.
And because I hear a lot about who has the power to confront statism, with the unions, with the public utilities, let's remember a little bit who made a paralyzed OTE an international giant.
 Who saved the Piraeus Port Authority.
 I don't remember any members of New Democracy, but I do remember the then leader of PASOK being on the railings of the PPA and fighting against privatisation.
 PASOK will now talk to us about statism, which taught statism in Greece.
Who consolidated Olympic Airways and made it a private company that the country can be proud of today.
 Who put up with it, our government again, the New Democracy government, with the PPC, the sick PPC of the workaholics who every now and then put down switches.
Our own government has dealt with outstanding issues, in EAB, in EAC, in LARCO, in the shipyards.
 All of these were hotbeds of statism.
 It was our government that took on what we call the deep state.
And when we have had to make bold interventions in the EFKA, we have not hesitated to do so.
 And we were criticised at the time, but these interventions have allowed us today to look pensioners in the eye and say to them: "Yes, we are doing in Greece what is happening in every modern European country: you can get your pension in two months, not two years.".
We, therefore, can take on the past.
 We can also take on our bad selves.
 And that's why we raise the glove.
 So let's test everyone's competence in managing crises, from the migratory invasions in Evros and the pandemic to the handling of electricity prices.
Let us also measure the state's reaction to the great trials: from Mandra and Mati to the defence in last year's fires and the mobilisation of the state apparatus after the great tragedy in Tempe.
 The Regional Governor, Kostas Agorastos, knows very well that in this unspeakable tragedy the state mechanism reacted very satisfactorily, something which is recognized, I believe, by all our bona fide fellow citizens.
But let's compare, I want, friends, I want to compare attitudes.
 Those who accept the mistakes and correct them with those who direct them in order to blame them elsewhere.
 To compare the behaviour of those who lower their eyes to work and those who only know how to raise a finger and talk.
 Because - as I said - delay does not only counter progress within the state but also within political life itself.
 And that is where the essence of each party's positions is finally tested.
All the above make upgrading the central administration a priority of our second term of office.
 The single pay scale with increased salaries from 1/1/24 will now be accompanied by strict evaluation rules for all and for all.
But it will also be accompanied by productivity bonuses, retraining programmes.
 The APSEP appointments will now have an implementation timetable.
 Digital working card already introduced, after the private sector, in all public utilities.
 And more generally the upgrading for an effective public service to the citizen will be outlined in our proposals and for the constitutional changes that we will initiate and ask the next Parliament, during our next term of office.
 Among them, at last, the possibility of establishing, under certain conditions, non-state universities in our country.
While at the same time a framework of interventions will be developed with measures we have worked out in four areas.
 First and foremost, better wages.
 I told you in 2019 that I pledged to cut taxes for every Greek woman and every Greek man.
So I look you in the eye now and I tell you that the second four years will be the four years of better wages for every Greek woman and every Greek man.
 It will be the four years of decent health with better hospitals.
 It will be the four years of digital switchover, green growth, affordable housing, especially for young couples.
From April, in the coming days, the innovative "My House" programme developed by the government will be implemented, through which young couples will be able to get a subsidised mortgage loan and will be able to claim to own their own home by paying a mortgage instalment lower than they would have paid if they were renting a house.
It is an important intervention that sends a message that we are listening to the young generation and that we are focusing our attention especially on those of our fellow citizens who have been perhaps more affected than anyone else during this decade-long crisis.
 Since they remember themselves, they basically see a Greece that is constantly facing problems.
We will have the opportunity to discuss all this in great detail during the election period.
 Because, of course, at the same time, all the major options that have been launched since '19 will be evolving: the reduction of taxes, to be combined with increases, to improve disposable income.
And of course the development of the national economy and the conquest at last of the investment grade of our country.
 This will happen - if the Greek people trust us - before the end of 2023.
 And this is of particular importance, because in an environment of increased interest rates it is very important to have the investment grade, so that we can compress the cost of borrowing for the Hellenic Republic and the banks, but ultimately for businesses and households as well.
And of course, of course, the armouring of national defence will continue, with the major armament programmes which are already underway.
We are therefore heading to the polls armed with clear objectives, but also with mature lessons.
 Without forgetting the obstacles we have overcome, the leaps we have made, but I will say it again, without hiding behind our failures.
And I know that today, just as there are citizens who I believe will vote for us for the first time, who didn't trust us in 2019 but who are now convinced by our work that they deserve to trust us now, there are some who trusted us in 2019 and now may be skeptical.
 I answer them: We may have hurt you, but we certainly never betrayed you.
 And I assure you that when we stumble we will not fall.
On the contrary, we will increase the speed of change, because the contract of truth and trust with citizens, this contract that we signed for the first time in 2019, is always valid.
 It applies with the same objectives, it applies with the same allies: citizens who believe in responsible patriotism, who believe in creative modernisation.
After all, self-reliance today is not a party expediency.
 As I explained to you, I believe it is a national necessity.
 At the same time, self-reliance means spaciousness.
 It is a current with a large party at its core, of course, but a current in which many, many people can fit.
And it is a great effort in which I invite you first - because today I am addressing the heart of the party - to become protagonists, explaining our positions with facts and arguments to each of our fellow citizens, answering with conviction to their questions, to their objections, with determination, but please without conceit.
 And always looking to the future.
So that the slogan "We are staying in Europe", which we once achieved, is now transformed into "We have become Europe" at all levels, with Greece and the Greeks in front.
And I know I am, we are ambitious in what we claim.
 But we have shown that we can conquer them.
 And so it will be now.
 And from tomorrow the struggle for the great victory of our country and our society for a second strong mandate for progress begins.
 And on this exciting new journey I want you all by my side.
Let's go, let's move forward without compromise, united, under the flag of Greece 2030.
 For Lamia, for Central Greece as a protagonist, for the strong and modern homeland that we want and will have.
 So let's go forward together.
 We are changing our country boldly.
 Thank you.
 Good race.
 With the victory.
 I say it again: Only forward, only boldly.
Be well, thank you.
 Back to our big pre-election rally in a stadium this time in Lamia, before the national elections in May.
 Be well, thank you.
 Good power.
 https://www.
dropbox.
com/sh/vc8wl887co1cu97/AABn2ZKxcvuIhJay36FrjeBLa.
dl=0.
