Hello!
I thank you warmly for your presence and for your welcome here in beautiful Kos, in democratic Kos, in the democratic Dodecanese.It is a great pleasure to be here tonight among you.
And today I believe that all of us are present and present here in a great invitation, a democratic invitation.
The democratic call for the change that will come with the vote of the Greek people on May 21.I am very happy and excited to be here in Kos, in the Dodecanese.
I know and you know that this democratic invitation today, this very nice gathering of ours, is missing a piece of our heart, a man, a great comrade who loved his country, who served his principles and ideas with vigour and dedication for his entire life: Nektarios Santorinios, whom we lost recently, and who, as Minister of Island Policy, did very important things for the Dodecanese and all the islands.The struggle that we will give for the Dodecanese and for the whole country will also be his struggle.
And I want to start my speech by announcing that in his memory and in his honour, I will be a candidate in the Dodecanese, trying to fill this very big gap, but also trying to honour a place that has always been a pioneer in the democratic struggles of our people.Nektarios, whom we lost so unjustly, had an important vision.
An important vision that we put into practice, but today it is being discredited by the government of the New Democracy.
The transport equivalent for the islands and our islanders, who we do not want to be second-class citizens.This measure, which is a vital measure for the island country, has been left exposed with delays in payments and an uncertain future by the current government.
Delays in payments to beneficiaries starting from 8 months and very often exceeding a year.In practice, these delays are in fact, the smooth operation of the transport equivalent, with the unstated political purpose of devaluing it, the devaluation of a measure that has been embraced from the very first moment by the islanders, precisely because it responds to their real needs.These delays do not even allow for a proper evaluation of this innovative, radical reform.
In any case, to give you a measure of comparison, the 156 million per year that SYRIZA had budgeted for its implementation in 2019 alone is almost the same as the total amount that the New Democracy government claims to have spent over four years.
What we budgeted for the first year, they will have given for four whole years.
To give you a measure of how they are trying to discredit this measure.So we, in the vision and memory of Nektarios, will put it back into practice.
And we will make it happen.
And we will put into practice another vision of his that he did not have time to complete: after the transport equivalent, we will bring the health equivalent, a targeted package of interventions to combat health inequality between the island region and the centre.
This package includes:Firstly, the priority development of strong public health structures and services on the islands, with upgrading the salary scale of health personnel, with the tenure of health workers in service, with permanent recruitment, with the implementation of a special framework of incentives (salary, housing, tax and administrative) for the staffing and stay of NHS staff in island regions.Secondly, the utilisation of even the private sector not contracted with EOPYY in island regions, when the public sector is unable to meet the need, by directly compensating citizens for the services they use, with the main criterion being to relieve them of additional health costs.Thirdly, a full guarantee by the State of access by islanders to the necessary health services outside their place of residence, where the necessary services are not provided either by the NHS or by the private sector in an island region.
The full assumption of responsibility includes the coverage of the relevant travel and accommodation expenses in the most complete part, either island or Central Greece, which has structures, health units and hospitals.Fourth, the zero participation in the pharmaceutical expenses of chronic patients (diabetics, heart patients, etc.
This is the package of measures that we are committed to implement, to make our islanders citizens citizens of equal opportunities and equal rights with all other citizens.Because justice everywhere means above all equal access to health care for all citizens throughout the territory.
And that means priority for our islands, priority for island Greece.
The Greece of the front line.
This is what we want to fight for, this is what we want to serve.Dear friends, citizens of Kos, less than a month is left from the day when we all hope that the people, with their vote, will take the big step towards justice and change.
The day when he will say a decisive no to the regime of inaccuracy, scandals, interceptions and corruption.
In the Mitsotakis regime.
And the big and decisive yes to SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance and the progressive government.
And I am sure that nothing will be the same in this country on the night of May 21.
Greece will leave behind four difficult, four hard years.
She will leave behind her insecurity, worry, anxiety and take a first but decisive step towards hope and certainty.
The first step for justice everywhere in this country.This thought, this vision is what I see is mobilizing more and more people in every corner of our country, where I am in the last few days, from one end to the other.
Because every day Greek society goes from scepticism, reflection, anger, to decision.
And from decision to participation.We know.
We can.
We will get Greece out of this swamp.
And I want to tell you that this is a climactic moment, the moment of the people's verdict, above all the unity of a people.
A people united by two words inscribed in its very identity, one of which is our National Anthem itself.
And the other is the reason why they know this people from all over the world.
One word is Freedom, the second word is Democracy.
Freedom and democracy.Freedom and democracy always lead us to the great dilemmas of the times.
They have many struggles, many sacrifices, a lot of history behind them so that anyone can desecrate them and subordinate them to personal self-interest.I heard in the past few days Mr.
Mitsotakis saying that the simple proportional representation is a trap of SYRIZA.
And it doesn't harm, he says, New Democracy, but it harms democracy itself.
And I wonder: I wonder, how much fear does this view convey?
Fear before the sovereign people.What does it mean, other than fear, when a Prime Minister, who is supposed to be held in high esteem by the people, denounces the simplest and most honest electoral system that has ever existed, the electoral system that ensures the authentic representation of political correlations, the equal participation of the citizen in decisions, the fairness of the vote?The truth is simple.
That's how they've been getting along for decades.
They said that they had independent governments when in fact they had minority governments of the Greek people.
That's how they've gotten along, for decades.
Miserable policies imposed by miserable means and with the people participating as little as once every four years, as much as it takes to perpetuate their power.
So it is this "as much as" of the arrogant governments, the supposedly self-reliant but minority governments, that has brought Greece to the rocks.
The governments that bankrupted us were self-reliant.
Autocratic governments have arrogantly led society to the brink of despair.So instead of the political system being trained in dialogue and cooperation, in respect for the will of the people, our people should have been trained in the distortion of their will.
Well, it's time for a big change.
And this great change has to do with the model, with the way of governance.It is time to say "no more" to this distortion of the will of the Greek people.
In this election there will be no tricks, no bonuses to multiply votes.
There will be no votes and no two-tier citizens.On May 21, what you vote for at the ballot box will be voted for in Parliament.
That is why the mandate that SYRIZA will receive as the first party in the May 21 elections will be a clear mandate, an authentic and crystal clear mandate.
It will be a mandate to form a strong, progressive government, because strong is the genuine desire of an entire people, not the distortion of it through filters.
Only this democratic desire, the popular majority, can and will provide certainty and stable, long-term government.
This popular majority will seal the great change and will become the embryo of justice in our country.And justice cannot be so much either.
For where there is no justice, injustice reigns, the arrogance of power, the impunity of the oligarchy.Justice must be a universal principle.
Otherwise it does not exist.
Justice must be everywhere.
In the economy, in society, in the state.
Justice is the cornerstone of the Greece we want to build.
Because the Greece that we have lived these four years does not deserve anyone who lives, works, studies, dreams with honesty and dignity in this country.So I have news for all of you, citizens of Kos, of the Dodecanese, here in Kos today, about Mr Mitsotakis, who is afraid as the days go by and we reach the crisis of the people, he is very afraid and he shows it: So the time and the day of change is coming; the day is coming when the voices of all will unite.
The voices of people who have unjustly lost their own people in the pandemic.
We are the country with the worst death rate in proportion to our population.The time has come to unite the voices of those who work unpaid 12-hour days, those whose lives are being dominated by debt collectors, those whose homes are in imminent danger of being auctioned off because the first home is no longer protected.These young children with dreams for tomorrow and determination for life, who are in their homes these days, studying, working hard because they are competing in the national exams and dreaming of tomorrow.
But they also have the right to vote and we need to talk to these children.
To give perspective, to give a future, to listen to what they have to say.So the time has come for all these voices from all over the country to come together and say two words: Enough!
No more injustice, no more obscenity, no more indecency, no more dignity, no more!And I can say more beside the injustice, the obscenity, the indecency.
I can add the word "insecurity", because that is what the average citizen is experiencing today: Insecurity.But I would also like to say "enough is enough", with those who believe that this society, this state, belongs to them.
So let's say that it doesn't belong to them, it belongs to the Greek people, so that's it for family rule!
We are a normal European country where the people decide!But I said before that Mr.
Mitsotakis is very afraid and he shows it.
He's so afraid that he doesn't dare to come to a televised debate opposite me, face to face.
On the one hand he says that the dilemma of the elections is Mitsotakis or Tsipras, but on the other hand he refuses to come and compare us, to develop our arguments in front of the Greek people.
He is hiding!He wants to be glorified by hiding.
Or rather by being stoned by the journalists of his choice.
Because it's understandable that he wants to hide from me, I get it.
But hiding from journalists too?
To choose which presenter will interview him on the TV stations, lest he be asked anything outside of his own little tricks?This is the first time I've seen such a prime minister so scared.
Is his confidence that low?
If it's so low, why don't they give him two or three polls with a 15 point lead?
Because when they take him out with 5-6, he gets nervous.But today he made an election TV spot.
He dressed up as SYRIZA and told us that he wants better wages, an efficient state and a better NHS.
Really, and four years ago who was running this place?
His double?
Why did he make things worse and now he's telling us "vote for me to make things better"?
Who does he think he is fooling?Soon he will throw away his tie and shout "Justice everywhere"!
But we are not surprised, friends.
The man who was nurtured in the interception of telephone conversations is now attempting to intercept foreign ideological property.
Once a puppeteer, always a puppeteer.But let them be friends.
No matter what he does, he cannot fool or frighten people.
Because I think people are scared of themselves.
But he is afraid of one thing: Lest this nightmare we've been living these years continue, and the very idea that there will be another four years of this kind of gloom takes people's breath away.
Mr.
Mitsotakis leaves behind a society that has seen its income shrink.
She watched her life shrink.
In wages that disappear like never before in the first fortnight of the month.
It leaves behind a state that not only did nothing to protect its citizens from the accuracy, but turned into a protector of cartels and obscenity.It leaves behind executives who were elected by the Greek people to represent them, and they were running to take away people's houses in the auctions, like the well-known Mr.
Patsis, his deputy, until recently.He leaves behind the good guys of the party state, those who fell like locusts in '19, to take revenge for five years out of the public purse.But the worst blow of this four-year term is that Mr.
Mitsotakis struck at the pride and dignity of all those he was supposed to save: The so-called middle class.
Do you remember when we were accused of supporting the weak, of having a policy of subsidies and redistribution of poverty at the expense of the middle class?
Well, those who accused us then of a subsidy policy have reduced the middle class to living on food stamps.
Vouchers at the supermarket, vouchers to go to the petrol station, vouchers to pay for electricity.But that is their ultimate goal.
That, you know, it didn't work, it worked.
Because that's where their programme for the next four years leads.
Widening inequalities and squeezing the middle downwards.
To put it simply, there is no middle class in their plan.
There is no place for the middle class and small and medium-sized entrepreneurship in the resources of the Recovery Fund, which will go to a few conglomerates, as they have been talked about and agreed.There is no place for the middle class when the cartels have to make excess profits from food, fuel, services.
There is no room for the middle class when you have to work without hours, black and undeclared, ostensibly to make Greece competitive and ostensibly to bring in investment.There is no room for the middle class.
There is no room for the grassroots.
There is no room for young people, for pensioners.So it is time to end this artificial normality of the most unformed, the most provocative, the most vulgar, I would say, injustice.When a handful of companies are making super profits, record profits for twenty years, over 1 billion each, at the same time as household debt has increased over these four years by 40 billion euros, you realise that this is not an equation that works.When there is no first home protection and for a few thousand euros the banks first, the funds now, take houses and businesses, in a country where the ruling party, which passes these laws to remove first home protection, is in debt to the banks to the tune of over 400 million euros, but nobody says anything about it.
This is not the way things can go on, where 4,200,000 Greek citizens, half of Greece, have non-performing loan debts to banks, to funds, debts to the IRS, to the EFKA.
And 1,000,000 bank accounts have been seized in recent years.It cannot go on like this.
We cannot go on like this when at the moment of the energy crisis, when every country protects its citizens, "Mitsotakis S.A.
" in Greece what did he do?
Privatise the PPC.
We can't go on like this.We can't go on like this.We can't give support to pensioners and in four years deprive them of 7 billion euros: 4.5 billion euros from the 13th pension, which at the time seemed to them to be "peanuts", but they said they would keep it and abolished it, and 2.5 billion euros from the retroactive payments that the Council of State made a decision, but they took them away from the pensioners.It is also not possible that in the last year alone we have 4.5 billion in excess revenue in the public coffers from indirect taxes and the consistently high VAT.
Why?
It's all over Europe, with this high inflation, they cut VAT.
Here even today we have 14% inflation on food.
But with the high VAT they fill the public coffers.And where does this money go?
Where do these subsidies go?
They go to the cartels purposefully to keep prices high and continue to get rich.
This is the looting, the redistribution of income, which has been targeted all these years.This is the Greece of the aristos, this is the famous, as they called it, "Greece 2.0".
Where zero is for the many.
For the few, the powerful, and 2 and 3 and 13.
As long as it is the multiplication of their profits.But their plan, my friends, has not only economic and social consequences.
Because as long as the country is governed in this way, without control, without accountability, with arrogance and deals, there are even greater dangers.You know better than anyone else that we have an unpredictable neighbour.
It's right next to you.
History has ordered you to the front line.
And you recognise even more than anyone else the need for a serious, decisive and nationally responsible foreign policy.
Tell me now what a resident of the Dodecanese can think when he sees the entries in the European press about the so-called "Turkish-Georgian"?
Turkaegean, that's what they called it.
What can he think of the super patriot government that let this happen?
Did they get caught sleeping again?
Didn't they know?
The clueless prime minister didn't know again.
.
.
It's not that they were caught napping.
It is that they presented themselves to us as "excellent" but forgot to put an "X".
"Useless", not "excellent"!"I don't know" is the candy they keep saying.
He did not know about Turkaegean, he did not know about the Tsiodra report, about the mortality in intensive care units, he did not know about the interceptions that were taking place in the office next door to him, he did not know, he said recently, about the railway disaster that led to the death of 57 of our fellow citizens.
He didn't know what Mr.
Patsis who was a crow and took people's houses.
He did not know that Mrs.
Mendoni appointed his chosen one to the National Theatre, Mr.
Lignadi.
He didn't know anything.
Uncouth.
The clueless Prime Minister.But I have one thing to say to you: He knew, he didn't know, he will learn once and for all on May 21.
Because that's where the games end.
That's where the "I didn't know" ends.
Because those who will go to the polls know how to judge and compare.I want to tell you something: We are not only going strong to get rid of the right-wing, but to get rid of the worst right-wing government that has ever ruled the country.
It's not just right-wing.
It is a public company, as the late Gennimata said.
He had first mentioned it.
"Maximus Inc.
" he had said.
"Mitsotakis S.A.
" I will say.
It's named after the family, the limited liability company.So this government is even embarrassing the right-wingers, our conservative citizens.
So that's why I want, of course, I want the right to go, but above all I want this government of great inequalities to go, this government of inefficiency, this government of eavesdropping, this government that has shrunk the rule of law.
This government that has taken us far away from European normality.So political change, but above all - I say to you, our motto, justice everywhere - is not an idea that was born in party offices.
It is a need of our society.
It requires the certainty of the plan and the forces that are able to put it into practice.So first of all, we say that we know, we have a clear plan.
Whoever votes for Syriza, votes for four things.
I say them briefly so that we can commit them to memory and pass them on to the citizens we will meet in the coming period:- Wage increases.
- Price reduction.
- Debt settlement.
- A just and efficient state.And we say that we know and we can.
We know, because we are now more experienced than ever, we know how to make it happen.
In a safe way, with an absolute awareness of the correlations, with realism.But what are they telling us?
We are constantly being told "what you are proposing is not realistic, where are you going to get the money?
».
Direct contracts, benefits to big interests, selling off even water, which is a public good, are realistic for them.
But when it comes to pro-people measures, measures to relieve the great majority, they are quick to put the label on it: "It's not realistic".
And they tell us supposedly, they're bringing the boogeyman of bankruptcy that they brought us, who bankrupted this country in 2009 and 2015?
Which party bankrupted the country?The party that got the country out of bankruptcy and that managed to get the country's neck out of the water - I say this metaphorically - is now coming to wag their finger at us and tell us that what we are saying is not realistic.But they have a disadvantage, you know: The day before yesterday I came back from Berlin where I met Chancellor Scholz.
Their friend Schäuble is no longer there to shout "stop Schäuble" every time the democratic party, SYRIZA, tries to lift up society and the economy.But let's look at the measures that we are proposing one by one and see: are they realistic?Is it a realistic goal to increase the basic wage to 880 euros and to introduce an annual indexation so that every year, if inflation goes up, the wage goes up?We say yes, it is realistic.
Because this will not only support thousands of households, but it will stimulate demand, it will revive the market, it will create jobs.Is it a realistic goal to increase, after 14 years of not seeing a 10% increase for civil servants, when inflation has risen by more than 10% in recent years?
We say, yes, it is, it's realistic.
Because the economy can take it.
The 10 billion that was shared between them through direct awards would have been enough for decent salaries in the public sector for many years, not just for one year.
But decent wages in the public sector mean higher productivity, better relations with the citizen, and of course a boost to demand and the market.Is lowering prices a realistic goal?
Yes, it's realistic.
By reducing VAT on food and essentials.
In Spain, other countries have even introduced zero VAT on consumer goods and foodstuffs.
By also reducing the VAT on fuel to the lowest possible level foreseen by the European Union and by abolishing the EFKA on agricultural oil.The Public Treasury can bear this cost, all the more so as the price reduction will result in an increase in consumer spending and state revenues, while it will be a huge relief for the popular strata and the middle class.We cannot refer to Europe a la carte.
There is experience in the management of the crisis of price stability in the European Union and tools that the Mitsotakis government has deliberately left unused.
Because when they tell us the accuracy is imported, we answer them: Yes, but the obscenity is Greek and has the stamp and signature of the Mitsotakis government.Is it realistic to put an end to this party with the PPC?
Yes, we say, it is.
Because the PPC is not a private peculiarity of "Mitsotakis S.A.
" and her friends.
It is a public electricity company.
It will therefore come back to the state with its main concern being the support of the consumer and production.It is a realistic goal, the debt regulation that we announced and described in detail a few days ago with the co-signature of the woman politician who linked her name with the protection of the first home, the middle class and the weak in Greece during the difficult years of the memoranda, Lucas Katseli.
Is it realistic?
We say yes, it is realistic.
With the protection of the first home, professional housing and agricultural land, with transparency, taxation and control over the action and transactions of funds.With 120 instalments and the cancellation of part of the nominal value of the debt, as we did for the debts to the Insurance Funds of freelancers in 2018, we will give breath, but we will also give the economy the opportunity to function.
Because as long as these debts accumulate, no one and nothing will move forward.
No one will pay back.But is it realistic to have an NHS that is strong and accessible to all?
We say, yes, it is.
It is difficult, but it can be done.
Because there is nothing more realistic and necessary in a modern democratic society than the protection of people's health and life.
No cost compares to the cost of a life lost in vain.This is our plan and this is our guarantee.
The road map that we will go on, the map of political change.
And what we say, what we propose, what we plan, is the result of our experience and our relationship with society.So can these things be done?
Many people wonder.
Can you do it, when you are faced with the big interests, with corruption and this regime of corruption?I answer, we answer, without any reservation: yes, we can.
But with one condition: That everything we say and aim for, everything we envision, will be embraced by the majority of our people.
And the majority of our people will believe it.
We can make all this happen if you can believe in it and fight to make it happen together.
You have known us for so many years.You know that we are different from the others.
Sometimes we have made mistakes, no doubt about it, but you know we are different.
We are not all the same.
We are not scions, we are not professionals in power, we do not belong to dynasties that have ruled the country for decades.You have met us, we have met in battle.
In the fight for a better, fairer society.
To get Greece out of the quagmire of bankruptcy.
When the country was bankrupt, broken, we were forced to clean up the mess left by the previous ones.
That's where you met us, that's where we met.We didn't create this state, the state with buffoonery, with corruption, with corruption.
We did not create this national debt.
We left in '19 a debt adjusted and 356 billion in public debt.
It has now gone to 400 billion, four years of Mitsotakis' administration.We were in the most difficult times for the Greek economy and the country in the previous administration.
And we had an obligation to sacrifice to get the country out of the swamp that others had thrown it into, to settle the debt that others had accumulated and to collect 37 billion in the Public Treasury.
That's how much we left.
The others left them empty.
We didn't put that money in our pockets, in our accounts, we didn't funnel it to some offshore.
We don't have offshore companies, others have offshore companies.
We have a clean political record.We have made mistakes, but we served a good policy.
We made mistakes and we learned from them.
But we also left the Public Treasury full, and the debt regulated, and Greece out of the memoranda and in the markets with twelve quarters of growth.And they came and found it ready.
They found the money in the funds, they got the debt settled, they got the economy on track.
And instead of having the obligation, as we do, to raise 40 billion.
they could afford to spend 60.And I want you to ask yourself?
If instead of having the obligation to raise 40, we had the discretion to spend 60, where would the country be now?
What would be the result?
What would be the balance sheet?
You can be sure that our hospitals would have stood on their feet, social cohesion would have been strengthened, wages and pensions would have seen increases, the weak would have seen a white day, the welfare state would have been there for us, but now the perpetrators of the bankruptcy, the perpetrators of the disaster, the culprits of the social and economic tragedy, are wagging their finger at us.
To go so far as to say the day before yesterday - said Mr.
Mitsotakis - to say a few days ago, "SYRIZA brought us the memoranda".His panic is great.
But you know what?
This is the classic fake news strategy used in Europe and in the world by those who call the alt-right the far right - Trump, Trumpism has taught us this.
The biggest lie is presented as truth.
But the Greek people do not eat fodder.
The time is approaching when we will all be judged by this people.
And it is worth asking, on the way to the polls, friends, every undecided, every citizen, whatever they voted in the last election, to ask themselves: If we have succeeded in these difficult circumstances, is it not realistic to succeed now that the country is out of the memoranda, that there are no constraints, that for the first time we have the freedom to follow our own programme, our own policy?So we can.
The diptych of our realism is: We know - we can.
So, when people tell us that Syriza wants a second chance, we answer them: We want the first chance to govern on the basis of our own plan, on the basis of our own programme, on the basis of our own strategy.
And this will be an opportunity not only for SYRIZA, but also for Greece, for Greek society.Citizens of Kos, citizens of the Dodecanese, I have tried in two words, in short words - not two, but enough - but as short as I could, to describe to you our road map to the elections.
The path we want to take together to return justice to the land.
And to finally put the country on a path of optimism and hope.But there is an important precondition for all this, a first important step that will change the facts and the acquired speed of a policy that leaves behind a disastrous landscape.
And this step - and I say this neither as a figure of speech, nor to vote, nor to exclude the choice of citizens to a looser vote - I say it because this is the reality, I say it because the elections of proportional representation are not the elections of loose voting.
They make governments.
On May 21, we will have correlations that can bring about a government without having to go to second or third political elections of instability, uncertainty and adventure for the country.
So the precondition is that on the evening of May 21, SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance will be first, clearly first in the ballot box, in the popular verdict.And I will tell you as simply as I can: If this regime that has plagued us for four years must be defeated, the vote that will make it defeated, the vote that will make New Democracy lose, is the vote that will make Syriza win.
There is no other version.The vote that hurts the establishment more than any other vote, then, is the Syriza vote.
Because there is no change, both mathematically and especially politically, without a SYRIZA victory.
There is no breath without a SYRIZA victory.Only a SYRIZA victory means a mandate for change and a progressive government on the next day of the elections.Only a SYRIZA victory puts the forces that dynastise Greece on the sidelines and brings society to the forefront.Only a SYRIZA victory gives a progressive government on May 22, without adventures.Only a SYRIZA victory imposes a progressive government of cooperation with the will of the people, for the first time in the country.And don't listen to the fear propaganda of the fearful, they are fearful and they want to turn their own fear into the fear of society.
Don't listen to them.Losers never form a government.
Governments are always and everywhere formed by the winners.
And we will be victorious on May 21!
And we will form a government of progressive cooperation!The progressive government will be the product of the victory of SYRIZA, but also of the victory of the Greek people.
It will be a product of your victory.So I urge you, from today until the polls, in the next 30 days, not to waste time.
To meet house to house, neighborhood to neighborhood, to talk to people.
We don't have the media to do propaganda for us.
But we have the arguments.
We have our clear and honest political word.
we have our suggestions.
We have our programme!These are the weapons we want to use in this crucial election.
So I call on you to become the agents of the great change that the country needs.Become the change that we expect to come on May 21.
And to give again, with pride, the first place to SYRIZA and the Democratic Party in the Dodecanese!
In this democratic land that has a great tradition of struggles for democracy.
Who has always held high the banner of our people's struggles for democracy, freedom and progress!I want to thank you warmly for your very warm presence here in Kos today.
for a great victory gathering here in Kos.
And to take the message from Kos to Rhodes, to Karpathos, to Kalymnos, to Tilos, to all the islands, to all the Dodecanese.Let's go together for the great victory.
And I will be with you in this struggle.
Both as a candidate and tomorrow from any position, and especially from the position of Prime Minister, to support the Dodecanese.
To support our islands, to support our islanders.Because "justice everywhere" means priority for our islands.Hello!
Good strength!Good matches and victory!
