Citizens of Chania, thank you for this warm, warm welcome. I think that our gathering today gives a very important message, a strong message of victory and change, here, from Chania, from Crete, which has always been a pioneer in democratic struggles.

I want to begin my speech here today in front of you by recalling an old rhizitiko, the most characteristic of your land, which we always sing at all great struggles. Why should I remember it? Because I think it is what millions of our fellow citizens all over Greece are asking themselves: "When will it ever be clear!" So I bring you a message, because I am in almost all corners of our country these days and I meet citizens, regardless of what they voted for, and they come to me and say, "That's it! It is time for things to change!" I bring you the message that on 21 May it will be a new dawn in our country.

And the next day will be a new day for democracy, for justice, for our country. The dawn of change is coming, and I think your gathering today testifies to that. It is a message that today's gathering is a message. And it is a message because it can be directly compared to previous rallies that have taken place in this place and we don't have the stage effects. There are more of us in the squares, there are more of us in the streets, there will be more of us at the polls.

Chanians,Every time I am in your city, every time I visit your place, every time I visit Crete, I feel great joy and emotion. Because Crete is in the body and blood of our history, in Crete one feels the timelessness of freedom. "When you fight for freedom, you are already better", wrote Nikos Kazantzakis.
These are our roots. From Therissos to the National Resistance, the democratic struggles, the anti-dictatorial struggle, the great fronts of change, the persons, parties, struggles and conquests of the democratic party are all traced by a red line. The line of freedom, democracy and justice.
This line runs through the entire Greek society today. And this line also runs through the vision, the programme, the policies of SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance, the great force for change in our times.

Today, when our country is at a critical crossroads, we are called upon to respond to the great dilemmas that lie ahead of us: Will we live another four years under this cruel, as it turned out, Mitsotakis regime? Another four years under the worst right-wing of the post-revolution?  
Are we going to live another four years of offspring, offspring, nephews, courtiers and cronies, sharing and sharing the clothes of our people? Another four years when the state, electricity, electricity, health, education, even water, the breath at the end of society, will be owned or given away to the elite of privilege, speculation or the blue party? Or will we give our country a chance? A chance for change, progress, honesty, fair and effective government, democracy and justice? A chance, I would say, to dignity!

These are the major dilemmas we face in view of the crucial election on 21 May. And it is to these dilemmas that the Greek people are called upon to respond. Justice everywhere, or privileges for the few? Democracy or family rule? Change or Mitsotakis? These are the dilemmas that every citizen will face at the ballot box on May 21.

And let me try to describe these dilemmas in pictures. On election Sunday night, who will be celebrating? Mr Mitsotakis? The firemen, the barons of the interconnection, the funds and the crows that grab people's houses, the patsis and the oligarchs of the corrupt elite, or will ordinary citizens, regardless of whether they are Left, Centre or Right, be celebrating?

The citizens who want to take a deep breath, those who see their lives crushed between unaffordable prices, humiliating wages, between fears and auctions. The workers of poverty, the young people looking for a future of creation, the middle class that was promised palaces in 19 and has been reduced to living on vouchers today.

It is to these dilemmas, to these big "yes" and big "no" that citizens will be asked to answer in less than a month. And it is not words that will convince them of one or the other. It is the deeds. First of all, the deeds of the Mitsotakis administration over these four years. So let's see quietly and simply, without slogans, without campaign crowns, what those projects have been. And let us also look at the distance that separates their deeds from their words.
They talked, you remember, in 19 about many well-paid jobs, and in the end they imposed a labour jungle regime: with the abolition of the eight-hour working day, with unpaid overtime, with the dismantling of the Labour Inspectorate, with tolerance for the black labour that has flooded the labour landscape and, of course, with the scourge of unemployment open, especially for young people.

They were then talking about a staff state. And eventually the state became private, discriminatory, unfair, inefficient, ineffective, even dangerous to people's lives. The tragic accident in Tempe showed us in the worst way the chaos between what they said and what they did not do about the state.
And alongside this state, with the Prime Minister's own building, the Maximou building, at its centre, the web of a dark parastate was created, with Predator and the surveillance of journalists, ministers, opponents of the government and even the leadership of the armed forces, an incredible abuse of every concept of the rule of law.
And all this has been covered for months by the veil of supposed secrecy. And the judiciary is not concerned, and Mr Mitsotakis, who had this mechanism of the parastatal set up in his office, not only did not do what a prime minister would do in any other European country, not only did he not resign, not only did he not even feel the need to apologise, but he is also giving us lessons in democracy today.

What did he tell us a few days ago? He says that simple proportional representation is a trap of Syriza, it does not harm New Democracy, it harms democracy. That's what he said. The man who is accused of having tapped hundreds of phones, half the political system, is now talking about traps for democracy.
The man who destroyed every notion of the rule of law, every notion of democratic legitimacy, who handed democracy over to the bugs, now appears to be protecting it, but from what? From the most honest, the purest electoral system: the simple proportional representation. In other words, from the equality of the vote of every citizen. If this is not extreme regime logic, an extreme hypocrisy, then words have lost their meaning.  

They were also talking in '19 about growth and the recovery of the economy. They took over from the SYRIZA government the economy out of the memoranda of bankruptcy that they put us under and into the markets, with a regulated debt, with twelve quarters of growth, with 37 billion in the public coffers, while we found them empty.
That is what we have achieved, at a cost, at sacrifice, at struggle. With mistakes? Yes, and with mistakes. But with society on its feet and with the crystal-clear honesty with which we managed the positions of responsibility.

And what did those four years, the excellent ones, supposedly, accomplish? We handed them a public debt of 340 billion euros and it has reached 400 billion euros. They increased the private debt by more than 40 billion euros, they increased the current account deficit tenfold. They spent, they say, over 55 billion to prop up the economy in the time of the pandemic. Watch out: Instead of having the obligation to raise money for the public coffers, they had the discretion to spend.
And the question is where did all those billions go? You know and we all know very well where they went. One look at the direct awards, the Pezza lists and the rampant obscenity is enough to tell us where they went.

If we, instead of having the obligation to collect 40 billion in public funds, had been able to spend 60, then everyone would have felt in practice exactly what the slogan we write on our flags and banners, what "Justice everywhere" means.
If we had that leeway, today our hospitals would be on their feet, social cohesion would have been strengthened, wages and pensions would have seen significant increases, the weak would have seen a white day, the welfare state would have been there to support people, education and culture would have received decisive support.
But none of this has happened. And society is sinking, the rich are getting richer, the middle classes are getting poorer and the poor are getting poorer.
But as if that wasn't enough, we get a finger wagging. The day before yesterday, Mitsotakis arrived to say that "SYRIZA put us in the memoranda"! and he got us out of the memoranda. You know, it would be laughable if it wasn't tearful! Because this is classic alt-right politics of the far right, of Trump, it's Trumpism personified to tell the biggest lie, as supposedly the truth.

We did not fight the battle with the people to apologise for having put the country under the memoranda, we fought the battle and got the country out of the memoranda. We fought with the people to get rid of them. Did Mr Mitsotakis fight this battle, back when he was shouting 'Yerushalayim, Yerushalayim and Shoeble'? That is the level of the election debate. And it is a panic choice that he is making. And his panic is even greater, you know, because this time he knows that this time he will not find any allies to support any Schäuble or any Geroun, because even there in Germany there is no Schäuble.
But there is a Chancellor whom I visited the day before yesterday and who is giving the green light to the prospect of a progressive government in Greece that will pursue a policy other than that of increasing, of widening inequalities. A policy of supporting society and boosting the economy.
But what else was Mr Mitsotakis telling us in 2019? He was telling us that the middle class would see bright days under his administration. And what did he do? He promised to bring it up to the big salons and eventually plunged it into living on food stamps. That's what he did.

The income for most of our fellow citizens, our middle-class citizens, disappears in the first three weeks of the month. The supermarket has become a nightmare. At petrol stations we have the most expensive price in the whole of Europe. Electricity eats up half a pensioner's pension, while small and medium-sized businesses cannot even get past the banks. And the resources of the Recovery Fund are all going to a few business groups that can be counted on the fingers of two hands.
Was the middle class avenged during the difficult years when the Syriza government was struggling to get the country out of the quagmire others had thrown it into?  Yes, it was wronged, it paid a disproportionate burden. But here there is a big difference with Mitsotakis' policy. His policy is not a national imperative, it does not serve a national goal as we did when we had to remove the noose of the memoranda and the Troika from the throat of every citizen and the country.

His policy is a plan, his plan: a plan to destroy the middle class for the benefit of the big interests, a plan to redistribute wealth from the many to the few and powerful, for the benefit of the cartels, the banks and the funds. And I have the feeling that the Greek people are beginning to understand this. People understand when they see 15 companies listed on the Athens Stock Exchange with 20-year profitability records of over 1 billion each, when the vast majority of households cannot make ends meet for the month. These are the inequalities, this is the redistribution of wealth that Mr Mitsotakis is attempting.
That is why the prevailing sentiment from coast to coast across Greece can be summed up, I believe, in just two words: Enough!

So much for corruption, so much for punctuality, so much for insecurity, so much for family rule, so much for general injustice.

So far, with wages disappearing in the first fortnight of the month, rents, electricity, fuel and supermarkets, while speculation and obscenity have become the law of the land.

So much for the unbearable electricity bills and the PPC playing a leading role in obscenity and handing out fat salaries and bonuses to the blue golden boys.

So much for the funds and the crows who are party officials like their MP Mr. Patsis, who supposedly didn't know what he was doing, who were throwing families out on the street for a few thousand euros.

At the very time when the party that passed the laws to allow this, the party that passed the bankruptcy law, the New Democracy party owes over 400 million in loans and unpaid loans to the banks, which the Greek people have financed with their blood.

So much for the mockery of pensioners. What did they tell us? That they would support the pensioners. And what did they do? They said it was peanuts, the 13th pension that Syriza introduced and gave, but they would keep it. They abolished it the very next day and of course they stole the retroactive payments, contrary to the decision of the Council of State.
Because for them, Justice and its decisions are a la carte. They only respect them when they feel like respecting them. When they don't want to respect them, they don't respect them and most of the time they don't want to respect them. Pensioners have lost a total of EUR 7 billion in these four years of the Mitsotakis government.

This big "So far", I can find dozens of examples to go with it. But I will say three:
Enough with the arrogance.
Enough with indifference.
Enough with the mockery.

Because what else but a mockery is what we saw yesterday when Mr.Mitsotakis, who has been ruling the country for four years now and has destroyed the National Health System, finished off what was left of the state, shrunk the income, but he comes out - and he hasn't ruled for a single day - and promises better salaries again, an efficient state, and free public health care. It's like the wolf coming out and promising to keep more sheep. That reminds me: the wolf guarding more sheep.

So much for the deception and so much for the deception of the Cretans.

Let me give you two typical examples that show how we understand problem solving and how Mr Mitsotakis, who is also a compatriot of yours and who is supposed to take care of Crete and Chania.
In April '19, under the SYRIZA government, a protocol of cooperation was signed between the Ministry of National Defence and the Municipality of Chania, which provided for the concession of 54 acres of the Markopoulou Camp to the Municipality of Chania. On these 54 acres we had a plan to create, among other things, green spaces and infrastructure for sports, culture and social welfare. The transfer of the military installations to another site was then financed with EUR 1 300 000 and, under the agreement signed, it should have been completed within 15 months.

The New Democracy government not only failed to complete any agreement in 15 months, but broke every record: it managed to leave it incomplete for four years and complete it only this year. And what is Mr Mitsotakis doing now? He appears to the citizens of Chania with audacity, presenting as his own plan and his own project, what others worked out, others decided and others financed. And his only contribution was to delay it for four whole years.
Second example: The BOAK. The Mitsotakis government wasted three whole years in order to find a way to redistribute the pie. It took three years to come up with the adoption of Syriza's original plan, with the only change being what? The imposition of tolls. Tolls to be paid not only by visitors to your island, but also by you Cretans.
They delayed three years to come back to our plan with the toll difference, but they propagandize as if they are dealing with lotus eaters the project as their own. And the case has a future. Because from a government that has failed in four years to fix the problems created by the bad weather of 2019, no one can claim to ever complete the Northern Crete Highway.

Now, friends, as I was coming on the plane, I asked a Chaniotian to explain to me why the Mitsotakis have not been doing well electorally in their homeland, in Crete. And do you know what he answered? "But we know them, that's why we don't vote for them"!

So now that the whole Greek people have been taught for four years, especially Kyriakos Mitsotakis, the time has come for the whole Greek people to follow the example of their compatriots. Because the country needs a prime minister who is responsible, not a prime minister who did not know - that is to say, a prime minister who did not know - not a prime minister who does not care.
Because if you were to ask me to find a description of Mr Mitsotakis over these four years, that is exactly what I would say: he does not care. He does not care about society, he does not care about the people, he does not care about today and tomorrow and he has been constantly trying to deceive the citizens with communication tricks for four years now, and he has proved it many times.

During the pandemic, when he was asking everyone to take individual responsibility for following the measures he had imposed, he was casually cycling around Parnitha. Do you remember then? And feasts in Ikaria.

When also at every critical moment he pleads ignorance of everything. He knew nothing about the wiretapping going on in the office next door by his nephew. How could he know what his nephew was doing... alas!

He didn't know what Patsis was doing that he had in his parliamentary group. He didn't know who the Minister of Culture appointed to head the National Theatre and pretended not to know. He didn't know about the party of direct assignments, he didn't know in the end even about the state in which Karamanlis had left the railways. 57 dead and the Prime Minister of the country declaring that 'the only one to blame is a stationmaster', who was appointed on a buffet and had only five days' service in his job. He did not know that the trains were allowed to become a death trap. Because their plan was to privatise services, the public-private partnership, which drives out permanent employees and brings in people with blocks and no experience into critical positions.

Just as their plan a few days later was to bring to Parliament, the atheophobes, the privatisation of water and then they said "it's not what you think, we don't aim to privatise it". He also did not know that our fellow citizens who were intubated outside the intensive care units had no hope of survival. And Greece paid a heavy price: more than 37 000 deaths, the worst in the whole of the Western European world and beyond, compared to our population, worse than Bolsonaro's Brazil, unfortunately. But he did not know...

But now he has the audacity to know to tell us what. To promise to support public health care. Let there be no doubt that this man cares for nothing more than his political and personal survival and is capable of saying anything in order to survive. Even to dress up as Syriza, take off his tie and shout "Justice everywhere" and say "long live public health care, better wages, better jobs".
But on May 21, what we saw as indignation in the days of Tempi, what we saw as anger overflowing not only from young people, but from all our fellow citizens in the streets, on May 21 this anger, this indignation will be transformed into a political decision and a political mandate with the stamp of the popular vote.
Greece has a chance to put four hard years behind it. To leave behind this generalised feeling of insecurity, worry, anxiety about tomorrow and to take a first step towards hope, a first step towards certainty, a first step towards the return of justice to the country, and side by side we will fight and I am sure we will win this crucial battle.

In this election, friends, citizens of Chania, it is the first time we will vote with an electoral system that will not steal the vote of the citizens. What you vote for will come out in Parliament, what you vote for will be matched by fairness in Parliament. We will vote for the first time with a system of proportional representation. Which means that there will be no bonuses and no tricks to baptize minority governments as self-reliant. But that does not mean that this election is the election of the loose vote.

Our vote on May 21 will bring out the government. That is why I want to ask one thing at this very important, very large gathering here in Chania: to ask you, and the Greek people, to ask you to give a strong mandate to SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance in the elections of May 21. A majority and a strong mandate to form a government of progressive cooperation on the very next day, which we want to be a strong and long-term government.
Mr Mitsotakis, in recent days, fearful that no matter what happens in 25 days he will leave the building he loved more than any other, the Maximou building, is trying to convey this fear to the citizens. To turn his own fear into the fear of the citizens.

On the one hand, it is concerned with how to steal the deputies of one, on the other how to blackmail the other, and on the other how to exclude the third. He is doing all this to hide and, above all, not to talk about policies and programmes. He does not say a word about his programme, apart from those cheap copies I mentioned earlier.
And most importantly, while he goes out to the Greek people and says that the dilemma of this election is "Mitsotakis or Tsipras", he hides, he runs away, he doesn't even think about the idea, like the devil he wants to avoid a televised debate in front of the Greek people to present our positions, our programme, our proposals. Why is he doing this? He is doing this because he has no answers. He has no answers for the big issues, he has no answers for the obscenity that has his own stamp. Because he can tell us that precision is imported, but obscenity is made in Greece, it is Greek and has his own signature.
He has no answers, apparently, for the illegal surveillance.  You remember every time I asked him in Parliament, either he did not come or, whenever he was forced to come, he closed the debate by himself and ran away. He took on the role of the Speaker of the House!

He has no answers for the crime in Tempe, nor for the tragedy of the pandemic.

He wants all this to be forgotten. And only discuss Varoufakis, Velopoulos and Kasidiaris. To discuss anything else, except the big issues that we have in front of us and except his responsibilities because he has been ruling for four years, he didn't become prime minister yesterday, we weren't ruled by a lookalike.
But I have something new to send to Mr Mitsotakis from here, from Chania, from Crete: Mr Mitsotakis, you have a message from Crete. The day is coming when the voices of the many will join in a river of justice, of the families who have unjustly lost their people in the pandemic, of the workers who work unpaid twelve-hour days, of the small and medium-sized businesses whose lives are being dynamised by the collection agencies, of the householders whose homes are endangered by the Patsis, of our children who are studying for the Panhellenic exams these days and are dreaming and have been cut off by Mrs. Kerameos, but they have a vote, they have the right to vote and they will respond, the young people who insist on dreaming and resisting.

Many people want change. The many are the ones who will evict Mr Mitsotakis and "Mitsotakis S.A." that rules us from the Mansion in a few days.
If in the next few days you are asked, friends, citizens of Chania, "and what is the plan of SYRIZA?", I want you to say this plan briefly with only four axes. SYRIZA's plan is:

1.Wage increases.

2.Price reduction.

3.Debt settlement.

4.A fair and effective state.

This is the plan of SYRIZA.

But can these things be put into practice, in a safe way, with full awareness of the correlations, with realism? The answer is: Yes, they can.  
Do you know what the Cassandras tell us? That what we say cannot be done. Every time we propose a pro-poor measure, they tell us where we can get the money. When they give 10 billion in direct contracts to their own people, to companies that are set up three days in advance, there is money there.
So what we are proposing is realistic. And let's look at them one by one because realistic.

Is it a realistic goal to raise the basic wage to 880 euros and to introduce an annual indexation, so that every year when inflation rises, the wage rises? We say: yes, it is realistic. Because this will not only support thousands of households, but will also stimulate demand, revitalise the market and create jobs.

Is it a realistic goal to increase after 14 years - that's how long they haven't seen an increase!- the salaries of civil servants by 10% we say, as much as inflation in the previous year? Yes, it is realistic, we reply. Because the economy can bear it. The ten billion distributed in direct awards would not only be enough for decent salaries in the public sector for years, not just for one year, it would be enough for more. Increased salaries in the public sector means greater productivity, better relations with the citizen, and of course a boost to demand and the market.

Is it a realistic goal to reduce prices? We say: yes, it is realistic and they have succeeded, they have restrained accuracy in other countries of the European Union by reducing the Value Added Tax on food and essentials. In Spain they even had zero VAT on basic consumer goods. And of course by reducing the excise duty on fuel to the lowest possible rate set by the European Union and abolishing the excise duty on agricultural oil.  
The public purse can bear this cost, all the more so as the price reduction will result in an increase in purchasing and government revenue. While it will be a huge relief for the popular strata and the middle class. 4.5 billion was the excess revenue to public coffers in 2022 - the "state obscenity" as I often say - from maintaining high VAT, while prices climbed uphill.

Why was he saving that money? To give subsidies during the election or even before, but targeted, not to stay in people's pockets, subsidies to the big energy companies, the big oil companies, the supermarkets to keep prices high, not to lower them, to keep their profits up.
Well, it will end with us! It will end this unequal redistribution of wealth, it will end obscenity, it will end the big super profits. This will lower prices for citizens, for consumers, and with controls, of course, on the market.

But is it realistic - some say - to return the majority of the PPC to the state, as we say, and to operate with its main concern being the support of the consumer and production? Yes, we say, it is realistic. Because that is what PPP means, the Public Electricity Company. And because the cost of becoming public again is negligible compared to the billions of subsidies already given to keep private energy companies' profits high.

But is the objective, the third big point we are making, the debt settlement, is it realistic? Yes, it is a realistic goal. With legal protection of first homes, commercial housing and farmland, with transparency, taxation and control over the actions and transactions of the funds that have bought people's loans at a much, much lower value. Well, yes, they won't make the excess profits they were counting on, but middle class homes will be saved. We will not see this tsunami of foreclosures that is expected if New Democracy and Mitsotakis win.

Finally, is it realistic to build a state that meets the expectations and demands of the citizen? A state that does not frighten citizens, not a state of fear, not a state of insecurity, not a state of bribery, not a state of injustice, not a state of injustice, but a state of justice and meritocracy, a modern and effective state. We say, yes, it is.

We are not the ones who created this state of bribery, of corruption, of corruption and of interference. Others created it and created it for obvious reasons. We are neither the spawn, nor are we the ones who have the perception - which some princes who rule us have - that the state belongs to them. We believe that the state belongs to the people and that it must serve them. And that is why we are the only ones who can build a state at the service of the citizen. We can and must build a state that respects the citizen, that gives security.

 When we ruled, you know, the police were not cooperating with crime, they were fighting crime. When we ruled, the National Intelligence Service was monitoring the Greek Mafia, today it's run by the Greek Mafia. That is our difference and the Greek citizen knows this.
Finally, is it realistic to have a strong, effective National Health System that gives people, citizens decent care, treatment? We say, yes, it is. It cannot be done overnight, but, yes, it is with a plan and with resources. First of all because there is nothing more realistic and necessary, in a modern democratic society, than protecting people's health and life. No cost compares to the cost of a life needlessly lost, and we have seen many lives needlessly lost in recent years. And of course we are saying that it can be done by supporting the people who are in the National Health System and keeping it upright, the people who are making superhuman efforts of doctors and nurses, by giving incentives to young people to young doctors by increasing salaries, but at the same time by giving tenure to all those who were in the difficult moments of the pandemic and who fought the battle for human life.
So we know what needs to be done and how it needs to be done. But many people are asking themselves: Can you do what you say you can do, when you are up against powerful interests, interference and corruption?  I answer, we answer, without reservation: yes, we can. But on one condition: you will not delegate them to us, we will achieve them together. With the vote, but also with the support of the Greek people.

The answer to the question "Can you?" is: yes, we can, if you can. Side by side we can move forward and succeed in bringing justice back to our land.

We didn't meet today or yesterday, friends. We have been together in the most difficult moments that Greek society and the country have faced and we have succeeded, unlike others.

Now, without any more memoranda, without troikas and coercion, we will prove that we can do even better. That is why I have often said and will say it again today: the opportunity we are asking for to govern is not a second chance. It is the first chance to govern without constraints, without memoranda, without the Troika over our heads. It is the first chance to implement our own programme, our own plan.
And this is not a great opportunity for Syriza. Let me say that it is a great opportunity for society and for Greece.
Citizens of Chania, I have tried to present as briefly as possible our plan for today and tomorrow. The path we are taking together for justice was the one I have described to you. But no plan is enough, no drawing - as I am an engineer - is not enough, if you do not have the digging machines to pave the road, the bulldozers, so to speak. To open this road, to put the country on this road, we need your participation, the bulldozers of the people. You will put the bulldozers in with your vote.

What is needed is an unquestionable and clear victory for SYRIZA in the elections, that is the precondition. And I want to close by explaining this a little bit. There can be no relief from the regime that we have been living in these four years, there can be no change in the country, there can be no prospect of a progressive government and the return of justice without a victory for SYRIZA. That's what the math says, but mostly that's what political thought says.
There is no breathing room and no prospect if Syriza does not win, and this is not a figure of speech, this is not a rhetoric of election rhetoric. It is a reality that we have to keep in mind.

I want to address mainly the young people, the young voters, who will be close to 450,000 in this election. The regime that governs us, the regime that wants to control our lives to earn more, wants you to not go to the polls. They are not trying to convince you that those who rule us are good, but that they are all the same, that nothing will change with your vote.
If we have one message to get across to all young people, it is that they should not give away an important weapon that they have, and their weapon is their vote. The vote is your weapon, don't give it away.

And remember: the most decisive blow to the establishment and to the Mitsotakis regime that has been targeting you for four years now, the most decisive blow is the one that will hurt the establishment and it will be hurt by one thing: the defeat of New Democracy and Mr Mitsotakis. And the defeat of New Democracy cannot exist without a victory for Syriza.

There is no victory for the people without a victory for SYRIZA. There is no victory of the democratic majority without the victory of SYRIZA. The greater this victory, the more certain will be the progressive government from May 22, without the adventure of successive elections that Mr Mitsotakis is seeking.
I want to call on all of you to take the lead in this struggle for the great victory, for the great change. Do not listen to those who are trying to scare you with lies. Governments are formed by the winners, not by the losers, and that is what they are afraid of. They are afraid that we will be winners.
We are sure we will be winners! I urge you to make this great change your own. Victory and change will not be given away, especially by a power system that knows full well that if it loses, it will lose a lot. It will not be given away.

SYRIZA is feared and fought by all means. SYRIZA is the antithesis of the corruption, the corruption, the takeover of the state by partisanship, by favouritism and big interests.

But I deeply believe that if we take this matter into our own hands, if each of us becomes the change and justice we want for our country, if we oppose logic, sensitivity, arguments, perseverance, then no propaganda, no fake reality, no provocation, will thwart this current of change.
I want to call upon you in the days that are left together in every village, in every home, to bring the message of victory, to bring the message of change. To go to the ballot box with the confidence of victory. Chania today is showing this path of optimism and great change. The message you are sending is a powerful message of victory and change, I urge you not to waste time, not to waste a moment.

We are not the ones who have powerful interests on our side to fund us, we don't have powerful media on our side. But we have on our side all of you, the many and the many, the people of society, the people of creation, the people of work, we will put them in front and with them we will manage to win on May 21 and build a Greece of justice and progress.

We know we can bring about change and we will succeed.

Be well.

Hello, good power!