Good evening.
 Friends, compañeras and comrades.
 And from Serres.
 We welcome first of all the magnificent mobilisations of the workers of our people, especially the youth, who these days have flooded the streets and squares of cities all over Greece.
 We call on them to do the same tomorrow in the big pan-worker nationwide strike to deaden the workplaces, to close schools and colleges, to make the strike meetings and the days and catch a big inflated to submit.
 We said it and we do it.
 We will not leave them on a bare branch this crime will not be forgotten this people.
 This youth does not forget.
 The crime in Tempe.
 It does not forget our 57 fellow human beings who lost their lives, who sacrificed themselves on the altar of the investors' profit on the altar of cost reduction for this hostile bourgeois state.
 This multi-day struggle is the promising element of these.
 Here of the day is.
 Really the only colour in this blackness that exists here and which this rotten system gives us generously.
 The only hope is the struggles to change something.
 These days we have only had a small taste of what the united people and youth can do when they take the situation into their own hands, when they organise themselves, when they discuss collectively in the streets of struggle, when they decide their demands, their slogans, their forms of struggle, when they create their own organs of struggle.
 Where there are no.
 When they walk side by side with the communists who, as always, this time we are in the front line, feeling our responsibility in these critical hours.
 It's already a great victory.
 The fact that thousands of people, mostly young people, have been baptised by fire.
 Their participation in the movement.
 They found in practice that there is another way than that of a passive spectator.
 Around him.
 Easy or disillusioned those who thought that within a few days the anger would subside.
 The mobilisations will fade away and the issue will be forgotten, since, as they say, for better or worse, life goes on.
 Those who have tried to bring the mobilisations to their own measures have failed.
 To give them the content that they would like these mobilisations to have.
 Either to talk in general about the bad country, as if we are all to blame and the victims of this policy together, or to talk only about the responsibilities of a minister, a government.
As if the problem only started in the last few years.
 Those who have tried to set up provocations to terrorize with dismissals, with arrests even of young children, to suppress the mobilizations with state violence, have also failed.
 Nothing you want to catch from them.
 It is no coincidence that the slogan chosen by the students, the workers here in Serres, in Serres, in Serres, in Serres, in Terres, the students, on the altar of profit, lives are lost because.
 In both cases, in all cases, the hunt for profit, the logic of cost-benefit that cuts security measures, protection measures, maintenance of infrastructure by the state is what leads to tragedies for them, no matter how much the government of the New Democracy and the other parties that ruled want to muddy the waters somewhat, to throw the ball of responsibility to each other.
 Or in a supposedly general systemic pathogenicity, disguising the real control, they will not succeed.
 The culprit is the same person who has murdered dozens of delivery workers because they were working without protection measures and in highly intensive conditions.
 The culprit is the same in both the picomex and the Farm and the Samina Express.
 Both in Mati and Mandra.
 The control has a name and it's called capitalist profit.
 This is the Holy Grail of the system that the new democracy and SYRIZA and PASOK and the rest of their other supplements, such as the Greek solution, for example.
 Because the path of development defended by the government and the bourgeois parties in general is driven by profits and thus necessarily puts the cost-benefit ratio in the balance.
 security measures in infrastructure and thus turns the state into a servant of monopoly interests.
 Well of capitalist profit as if they were accumulating a lot of bad hours.
 Finally, many bad moments in our country is really unacceptable vulgar to have reached the twenty-first century and the first word from the lips of the Greek Prime Minister is human error.
 And this to cover up the huge responsibility for the course of degradation and dismantling of the railways with the dismantling, privatisation and privatisation of the railway.
 All these things that led to a reduction in staff and to the abandonment of the modernization of national systems and the.
 For all of this they had warned workers or railroad workers.
 Indeed, the announcement of the faction that supports PAME.
 The Mr. Mr.
 A few days before the accident he was saying that it was only a matter of time before we had such a tragic event.
 We as a parliamentary group had warned them with our interventions in Parliament, highlighting this course that all the governments to date, even before the memoranda, have sealed with their decisions, applying the guidelines of the European Union, which were of course none other than the liberalization of markets, the liberalization of the.
 Of the railways.
 So it's easy to blame it on human error by blaming either state government responsibility or big business responsibility to mimic this system of.
 The rotten system of exploitation.
 But it goes too far with human error and individual responsibility, which undoubtedly exist, but cannot explain all the problems.
 And they can't specifically explain such crimes.
 You heard the same of course about the tragedy with the little child in a school here in Serres, as well as this crime.
 So they became each other.
 The ball of responsibility.
 And yet in Greece 2 0 to recall the name of the development plan of the New Democracy in Greece of the digital transition of green growth, where in a few.
  I know with one click, the state can grab the house of the poor people with its electronic auctions.
 These auctions voted by SYRIZA and continued by New Democracy, you see, in Greece there is a state, there are laws, there is class justice to make strikes illegal for security measures.
On the railways, chasing trade unionists fighting for workers' rights, even arresting high school students for claiming to live a better life than the one they have prepared for them.
 The same is true for other social strata, for farmers for example.
 And here in Serres, because they dared to claim to stay on their land in their fields, but when it comes to the hundreds of workers who lose their lives, they put all the blame, at most, on some engine driver or some other worker who may have real responsibilities.
 But in order for the big employers and the state as a whole.
 Friends, compañeras and comrades.
 So it's not the bad time, the bad time, the country, but those who ruled and are ruling this country, but us.
 And in fact they ruled by implementing to the letter the policy, the directives of the European Union, which they are now trying to leave out of the frame, lying that this is not happening in Europe, in the European Union.
 They are made and produced.
 We tell them, as revealed by the Commission itself, the Commission, which admits that in 2021 alone in one year there were 1389 rail accidents with a total of 636 deaths.
 And 513 injured, of which 97 crashes involved collisions, are running, as of late in the European Union member states.
 And all because.
 As the same special report of the European Court of Auditors on Railways states, in 2017, the delay in introducing modern electronic systems in all EU countries resulted in costly investments, without generally bringing direct benefits to those who bear the burden.
 Yes, they are asked to bear the cost.
 So let them stop, we say, the new democracy and SYRIZA, because they are all co-responsible.
 One was completing the piece of the puzzle made by the other for the notorious liberalisation of the railways, for the implementation of the European Union's policy.
 Mr E will not stop for a moment to fight for a modern, fast, safe and cheap means of transporting people and goods throughout the country.
 This of course presupposes liberation from the rails of profit, presupposes transport and infrastructure in order to satisfy the expanded social needs of the people.
 Through a single state agency utilizing all the modern achievements of science and technology, integrated into a centralized scientific planning of the economy with social ownership and worker control.
 This needs to be done today and not to make fun of the sinful state of the cost-benefit logic of the state, of direct awards and tenders that provide hot money, of the state that acts as the collective representative of the interests of the monopolies, can this state be the guarantor of a safe modern railway?
 Through a nationalization, as the re-nationalization of it, as other forces that before were, say, in favour of privatization, as is for example the Greek solution, as is Day 25 and others of this wider opportunist space, say.
 We are not fighting to return to the problematic yesterday in the problem state, but to build tomorrow.
Taking advantage of developments in science, of the potential of production itself, today the state is a state for the few and privatises sectors when capital needs it, or nationalises these sectors or others at the same time, when capital itself needs it.
 Besides, let's not go too far.
 A few months ago the New Democracy government announced, if you remember, that it would not privatize the port of Alexandroupolis after all.
 But why did its allies, the Americans and NATO, tell it that they would rather have the state own the port than have it end up in the hands of possibly other companies with whom these gentlemen would have competing interests?
 Unless we are told that in this case it was Mitsotakis who let the nationalization that the interests of the American imperialists were identified with the demands of the popular movement.
 So let them think carefully.
 those who felt grief those who felt anger those who are demonstrating today with the slogan that this crime should not be covered up.
 Which political force is the guarantor, both in Parliament and in the working people's struggles within the movement, that this slogan will finally be put into practice?
 Which, which political power is power, revelations.
 Only Mr. Mr.
 Hey, because Mr. Mr.
 Ε.
  does not serve the God of capitalist profit, because big business does not and will not put it in their hands.
 Why Mr. Mr.
 He does not drink water in the name of the destructive policy for our country, the European Union, Some of course they are in a cold sweat.
 Thousands of demonstrators led by young people overflowing the streets in the squares, adopting radical slogans, demanding the necessary and the obvious.
 That's why their needle is only stuck in one sorry.
 Along with apologies, apologies and crocodile tears, they cry lest the people lose confidence in this barbaric system.
 This is their pain.
 Do not lose confidence in the parties that serve this system.
 New Democracy and SYRIZA have brought out of the closet the boogeyman of political instability.
 You've heard it.
 They may in such a crisis, as they call it, burn some politicians, some ministers with deviations, such as your neighbor here, Karamanlis, for example, or even prime ministers, they may send them to be fired, to be sent aside.
 So they can burn the political deck.
 But more easily they will try to find it for themselves, as they did in the past, when PASOK and the new democracy.
 Where they were rivals they were in the same government, just as SYRIZA and ANEL did the same thing, they are all working on the same thing today, because what unites them.
 There is more than what separates them.
 What are their impenetrable walls.
 Is it, for example, their attitude towards the international alliances of capital M.
 Since everyone is blatantly in favour of him being in favour of the European Union, even though in words he plays it wrong, but never and nowhere does he say that the country should disengage from these alliances.
 After all, before he founded his party he had gone to New Democracy and left.
 Not because he disagreed with the Memoranda, but because he was not voted down as a Member of Parliament, so as not to be forgotten for those who remember.
 Really, then he did not know about the New Democracy's love affair with NATO and the USA.
 Or when Karatzaferis was in LAOS.
 He had a different attitude, so now what is he doing to play the uncommitted and anti-seismic Antisystemic.
 He's an adventurer.
 Truth to go further.
 His reference to the only reason was because here in Northern Greece it is presented as being influential and it is dragging people who were mainly voting for a new democracy after now, but they are working people, ordinary workers, and we are telling them to think carefully about where they should cast their vote.
 Really, what are the impenetrable walls of new democracy for SYRIZA, PASOK and the rest of the.
 Didn't they, for example in the war in Ukraine, agree to support the arming of the Zelensky government?
 They did not applaud with the Nitrogen Nazis in Parliament.
 Do they not agree to the enlargement of NATO sanctions against Russia.
 Not everyone also agreed on the pollutant and energy exchange which was one of the main factors in the price spike in energy and in our country.
 Not everyone agrees with the notorious green transition that deprives us of a cheap domestic fuel such as lignite for which they do not agree on the Recovery Fund.
 His priorities and fiscal commitments bring and will wrap our people with new measures, long term, in a noose.
 And if they are now supposedly arguing about the auctions in the essence of the thing.
 Again, we're all in agreement, because one after the other.
 The new democracy of PASOK, SYRIZA brought laws that gradually liberated them, culminating in.
Last the last law of the New Democracy and that's how we got to these mass auctions.
 In fact, the idiom for the mobilizations and for the electronic auctions have already been written by the Greek people.
 On the resume of Syriza when they were in government, because they legislated them.
 As for the existing differences between the new democracy and SYRIZA.
 They are such that not only, I must tell you, do not in the least disturb big capital, its power itself, but on the contrary they are very well exploited by the system to keep the people in a permanent hostage, usually of false dilemmas and blackmail to keep them.
 Our people trapped in this one-way street of barbarism.
 Besides, the propaganda of both clear, both from the last tragic events, but also for the overall got of the last few years the new Republic it was presented as the government of great reforms, which allegedly successfully promoted the cuts to move the country forward, which allegedly took measures to avoid reliving tragedies.
 Like Mati, Mandra, because what is the result of these supposedly deep cuts.
 For example, in health, they continued the disintegration of any notion of public character, they continued the cuts and privatisation, they condemned the people in the pandemic to be unprotected by the narrative of individual responsibility in a state that gave extra money.
 To the various crows of the big business groups of private health care.
 Here in Serres the people lived and live it with the great shortages in the hospital with the delay of surgeries, because there were no basic specialties with staffing without the necessary training of staff in meth and our units of increased care with this tragic situation.
 We have reached today that doctors of other specialties are on call, Why are no permanent staff recruited and the staff remains exhausted from on-call duties even now.
 The ambulance and the health centers of the county have serious shortages of staff and we have arrived for example, there are not many reasons when cancer is reaping there are no welfare and support units for the elderly anywhere in a county that is aging and younger people take over the medical care of the elderly.
 At the same time, however, major investments are planned in the private health sector.
 From various groups that have seen this dissolution of the public system as an opportunity to make a profit on the people and here in Serres.
   Or what to say about education, where parents, teachers, students lived through a tragic event, a crime that preceded the death of the young student in Tempe.
 The result of a criminal policy that has identified schools, students, teachers at the mercy of the degradation of the underfunding of various irresponsible responsible agents of the municipalities and ministries of deficiencies, even in basic rules of protection and security.
 What could be simpler than not doing work on a burner on a school day and time.
  The new Republic, the government, as it is sold of the allegedly great reforms and in the agricultural sector, so the farmers of the new zichsta erased term of Amphipolis of Emmanuel Pappas to see their livelihood to be destroyed.
 They are still waiting for compensation from the disastrous floods and the non-existent flood protection works that are now starting some of them with a delay.
 But they can not meet the great needs, while the cattle farmers were forced to slaughter their herds because they can not afford the cost of production and the beekeepers to abandon their activity altogether and these in a prefecture that has comparative advantages, because it has geothermal energy a fertile plain, while in the past it had a building infrastructure.
 Which could give real relief to the rural income, as was for example the sugar factory, but these advantages are constantly destroyed or under the dictates of course of the hot European Union to exercise powerful groups in other countries, as for example happened in sugar, which led to the cessation of techno cultivation in the region.
 Whether others are handed over to entrepreneurs such as geothermal energy, instead of being used to meet the social needs of the people, is typical.
 That we're in a county that's going through.
  The unknown that the case and its slopes are filled or are about to be filled by wind turbines from photovoltaic parks with significant impact on the environment, especially in the creation of flooding phenomena.
 In the northern part of the prefecture, which is part of the Natura, it is a natural barrier to the development of such phenomena.
 And yet in this law people are left unprotected from the cold.
 They are energy poor, because they cannot with their meager income warm themselves with these energy prices.
 It is a challenge to plunder the forests and mountains of our country for profit.
 Something the big groups of green energy and at the same time this energy is paid for by the Greek people.
 This path of development served by the new democracy, but also by SYRIZA for Paso.
 Anyway, the rest of them closed the door to thousands of young men and women of the prefecture of Serres and led them, lead them to economic migration, put them in the same position in which their grandparents found themselves 60 years ago with that great wave of migration.
 that our country experienced after the war, this road leads the prefecture of Serres to the largest population decline in this decade and the rapid fall in per capita income.
 Both with the new democracy and with SYRIZA.
 Our county is languishing in some municipalities.
 In fact, the population fell by a third in this decade.
 Soon the villages will be deserted.
 All the villages that are already deserted, but the towns will also be deserted.
 How can a young man, a young woman, live in truth when the cost of production, the taxes on farmers are loops that are tightening around their necks?
 How to live for a young worker who arrived to emigrate to Bulgaria and work there for a good wage, when there is unemployment.
 Here the tissues are in the trough very low.
 How can a young person live in a region when there is no serious infrastructure in culture, in sport, when all this is put in the balance for profit?
 Then the capitalist development grows, the obstacles grow, the difficulties for a young man, a young woman to live in this beautiful and otherwise very rich place, the difficulties to have a family, to have the necessary infrastructure to support his family, his social life.
 These problems that you are experiencing.
 Millions of workers are also living them.
 Millions of thousands of self-employed farmers and professionals across the country have the stamp, but all of this and the current and previous governments, as well as the stamp has the stamp of accuracy, low pensions plundered by the unstoppable, increases in all commodities.
 Friends, compañeras and compañeros.
 The government of the New Democracy is indeed worse than the previous government of SYRIZA.
 Like SYRIZA's, it was worse than the previous government of New Democracy and PASOK, from whom it took over.
 And so it goes on and on, one worse than the other, because it is getting worse and worse for the working class, for our people, this rotten system.
 All these will.
 Gall for.
 All these years the governance of the new Republic has had a divine gift.
 We would say, you had an opposition like SYRIZA that voted for half of its bills and a PASOK that voted for 70% of these bills of New Democracy.
 So it had an opposition that you don't exactly call it an opposition, because you'd be doing it an injustice.
 How can one characterize the we'll account after remembering where SYRIZA is in Pallini A letting the new democracy continue to dismantle the public health system and strengthen in 1000 two ways, the private sector.
   How can one characterize the attitude towards anti-worker laws, when in the most emblematic law, that of Hadjidakis, SYRIZA voted for the half of the man, thus legitimizing all the anti-worker content of the law?
  Also, how can one forget his attitude towards the new framework law on universities, which he may have voted against in Parliament, but his members, his organisations all over Greece, are still leading the way in its implementation, and nominating candidates to these notorious councils that are one of the key elements of the business operation of the university that this reactionary law passed, not to mention its attitude towards the struggles to put obstacles in the way of the New Democracy government's policy.
 Did anyone see him anywhere, either here in Serres, but all over Greece, did anyone see PASOK, whose members in the trade union movement here, for example, in the Labour Centre, up to now.
 They had not taken a decision and had not supported any mobilization for the crimes in Tempe.
 Think about who the Mitsotakis government had as a real opponent against the attack that SYRIZA, KINAL and the Greek solution unleashed on the people for so many years on day 25.
 What was the force that exposed the unacceptable government propaganda on individual responsibility.
 Which highlighted the huge gaps in the health system.
 Who in law here fought a real battle for the health of the people was it not the communists and communists through their unions in the hospital, in their associations elsewhere who stood in the front line with the slogan under the mask we have a voice, it was not Mr.
 E Y who broke the terror and quarantine bans with that historic gathering.
 At Syntagma, on the first of May will.
 Giving November to the Polytechnic, then a Disciplining the laws of repressive intensity, it was not the class forces, the pioneer militants, the communists who declared the first strike in Europe in those black conditions.
 And all because Mr. Mr.
 During all these years of the New Democracy government, it has done what it promised to the people.
 He was at the forefront of the working people's opposition and struggle, he managed with his forces to develop important working people's struggles that today inspire workers of all sectors, such as in LARCO, in the piers of the world, in efood and so he continues everywhere.
 The KKE proved and proves what the people will save the people with every KKE possible.
 Because when the government of the New Democracy discovered as the only means of protection in the fires, not the fire-fighting means, not the prevention measures, not the.
 What about getting firefighters to staff other infrastructure to build, but the 112 people were the people and Mr. E fighting along with the firefighters to build firebreaks, to stop the devastation.
 The people were fighting to save themselves, because when the government of the New Democracy was also loosening its hands, let it grow.
 In order to attack labour rights with the Hatzidakis law, SYRIZA and the other parties said that strikes are not going to do anything.
 The communists were also the pioneer workers who managed to prevent the application of this law, to freeze it in practice by their struggle, saving themselves.
 Because when the government, the state and the crows like the crows of New Democracy were preparing to plunder the homes of the people, the MPs who, together with the struggling people, stopped and continue to stop the auctions, the confiscations, the evictions.
After all, friends and comrades, no bourgeois government, no government that swears allegiance to big capital, to the European Union, to NATO, is going to save the people.
 The Mr. Mr.
 E is the guarantee.
 Our people can trust it, rely on it to launch a new counter-attack against the real and the unjust.
 But instead of over.
 The one that remains unchanged when one after another, the various governments change one after the other, that is, the very power of capital.
 Especially those who used to trust SYRIZA, who really had the expectation that a government of the so-called Left could really mean the end of the memoranda and their measures, that a government that talks the talk and slaps its hand on the table twice can change things radically.
 We tell them that today they can think about all these issues better.
 Because others have got today, like most of them, to think when, in good faith, many of them told us that if the button in such a supposedly progressive government, perhaps it would guarantee the course and the progressive choices, that the intentions of SYRIZA and its own leadership when it addressed us the call of 2012 or 2015, that perhaps they were telling us happened.
 Think of them we say.
 What would happen today with the 57 dead in Tempe.
 If Mr. Mr.
 E had supported or tolerated at least one government of SYRIZA ANEL that in 2017 privatized OSE.
 Would or would not Mr. E be an accomplice in the frame of the guilty for.
 Gall for.
 All those who then wanted us in such a government are happy.
 We believe for our stand, they feel a truly redemptive relief, even after the fact, because in this way we can be at the forefront of these great and shocking mobilizations that we are living through, so that the whole truth can finally shine.
 The position we are taking today is precisely because we have a programme.
 Scientifically elaborated programme of popular workers' governance of power.
 We are ready when the working class, the Greek people themselves elect us to assume our responsibility in such a popular government, where the protagonists will be the producers of wealth themselves and not the drones who steal it in such a power of the workers.
 Where the people will not be spectators, simply with a vote every 4 years, where democracy will not stop outside the gates of factories or at the entrances of department stores, but every productive unit will be a hive, not only of labour creation, but also of democracy, debate, militant voluntary initiative.
 So in such a governance power.
 In which Mr. Mr.
 Ε.
 The elected representatives of the people will be truly accountable to those who elected them.
 There will be the possibility of control and recall every crucial bill or decision will be discussed down to the bottom within all the people, within the workplaces, within the workers' popular assemblies.
 In this working people's power.
 The deepest and broadest concept of freedom and democracy can take shape, all discrimination, all coercion and above all the exploitation of man by man will be abolished.
 The only coercion will be the prohibition of exploitation in this power.
 It will unleash the unprecedented potential that exists in production.
 It exploits the great advantages of our country, the rich soils, the exceptional climatic conditions, the significant mineral wealth, the potential for real green energy from all domestic energy sources, the rich experience of the workers, the scientific achievements, the whole economy, every space, every infrastructure.
 Every productive activity will converge through the central plan to a basic law, that is, the satisfaction of modern social needs and not the satisfaction of profit for a few.
 Such governance will break the shackles of the country's international unequal relations and agreements.
 It will liberate the country, it will free it from the delusion of the European Union and NATO.
 Carry out bilateral agreements on an equal basis with other countries today.
 There is a solution to build a very modern and safe transport network.
 There is a solution so that we do not depend on food and not only in this rich and blessed land of ours.
 There is a solution for dealing with the flooding phenomena of strong earthquakes, making use of scientific achievements with integrated planning and, above all, prevention.
 Today the conditions have been created scientifically for a primary health care system, hospitals, fully staffed with all specialties and with all modern means.
 For this we need to remove the basic obstacle, which is none other than capitalist profit.
 That is why we are on the road to conflict with the real opponent.
 The one that all the other parties hide because they serve it and it's capitalism.
 So today you can be sure that Mr.
 He does not say words, Pacia is tried and tested, it is the sure choice to write new pages of great decisive struggles to count victories to strengthen solidarity and comradeship to enter the battle.
 All well-meaning men of labour, those who cannot bear the heart of the gradualist Mr.
 E is the power of the people.
 The hope of being made of the greatest materials of our history and our fighting surrender because each and every Mr. Y does not see each and every one of us simply as a vote at the ballot box, but as a fighter that together we will bring.
 The world in the seed of our dreams in the seed of people for our children, for generations to come.
 Gal turns.
 Every crime, to dawn a world without wars, without barbarism, a world in which our modern needs will have been matched by their profits and will have won, so we will all together, all generations together, open the way to the great, the beautiful.
 The shocking socialism, because it will.
 Algiers, Goals.
 Glass for.
 Glass.
