Friends, we are here today, in a very interesting workshop organised by the Department of Infrastructure and Transport of SYRIZA on infrastructure safety and security.
 Infrastructure security which has come very strongly into our daily lives as a major issue that we have to deal with.
But we are still here today in a country that is mourning.
 Not even 40 days have passed since this tragic event, the tragic accident in Tempe that unjustly cut short the lives of 57 of our fellow human beings, including many young children.
 And we are here today in a country that is mourning, in a society that is still wondering.
 And with a government that continues to arrogantly ignore responsibility.
 We are here today, in the shadow of Tempi.
 In the shadow of not one sacrifice.
 But of an unspeakable tragedy that could and should have been avoided.
 In the face of such events, those of us who have found ourselves and hope to find ourselves again in positions of responsibility, those of us who ask for the vote of the people should - all of us - stand before the debt imposed by our conscience and our morality.
 And this debt today is clear.
 Let us never allow such a tragedy to happen again.
 To do our utmost, at any cost, to make every citizen feel safe in their travels.
 Consult experts, listen to employees, study best practices that exist internationally.
Unfortunately, it seems that not all politicians feel this debt and not all political forces.
 Some continue to live with the stress of the image.
 With the obsession of communication and propaganda, even in the most difficult moments.
 Some people don't seem to understand that people are not looking for ministers to pretend to be train drivers.
 But for prime ministers who will stop pretending to be clueless.
It is therefore our duty to talk seriously about the essence of the problem.
 Talk about immediate and radical solutions.
 Not to pull out of the chest wishful thinking.
 To describe how the daily movement of citizens will be neither a risk nor an adventure, but nothing more than a routine, because that is what it should be, as it should be in any serious state, as the Constitution itself ultimately requires.
 Because, my friends, democracy does not exist as a process once in four years.
 Democracy, I would say, is the contract.
 And the terms of this contract are security and justice everywhere and for all.
 These are the minimum, the formal obligations of a government to its citizens.
 And if a government not only cannot secure them, but repeatedly becomes itself an agent of their undermining, then this is a dangerous government that must go.
For this reason, our event today and every aspect of our plan that will be presented in the coming months is for us much more than a series of political proposals.
 They are the foundations on which we will rebuild trusting relationships.
 The citizen with the state.
 Society with the government.
The tragic accident of Tempi, among all the others, highlighted the extent of the inadequacy and inefficiency of the state.
 A state built with the old materials of undignity and clientelism.
 And it was sustained by old and new recipes of corruption and serving specific interests.
 A state that, after having been made a spoil, was then systematically devalued, giving everything that is most useful for the public interest to private individuals in order to speculate.
 Disregarding even the basics.
 Even the safety of citizens.
 And every now and then they would tell us that this state would be corrected, supposedly corrected by the very people who devalued it.
 Others promised us modernisation.
 Others told us about the re-founding of the state.
 Others for Executive.
 The so-called executive state, however, these 4 years after the great promise of Mr.
 Mitsotakis, turned out to be a big fiasco.
 The repetition in even greater intensity of all the sickening practices of more than 40 years.
The pending issue, however, remains.
 And it is, I think, one of the big issues and one of the big questions, one of the big stakes of this election.
 The question of the state, the relationship between the citizen and the state.
 How citizens can feel safe and not afraid.
 And our debt is still unpaid.
 We must provide answers.
 How to have a strong, modern and effective state that safeguards the obvious and prevents the unthinkable.
 Like the tragedy we all experienced a few days ago.
So for these reasons, today I decided in this very interesting, very worthwhile conference of the Infrastructure Sector of SYRIZA on infrastructure security, not to make proposals and positions on technical issues, or to analyze the necessary prioritization of audits and inspections in critical public infrastructure.
 I am sure that at all the round tables and in the statements of very distinguished speakers who have come to this conference today, these will be said, documented and recorded in detail in our positions and proposals.
Today I want to take the debate much deeper and talk about the root of the evil in public administration and in the execution of public works and propose solutions.
 Not only to make findings.
 So let's get to the point.
 Because if we do not try to address the root of the problem, we will not succeed, no matter how much we want to, in creating safety conditions in projects and public infrastructure.
And justice everywhere means justice everywhere and security everywhere.
 It means first of all respect for life itself.
 That is why it is urgent to restore today a sense of security and justice everywhere.
 For the security that every citizen who lives, works and travels in this country must feel.
 For the justice that must govern the operation of the state, the management of the Greek taxpayer's money on the path of transparency and the defence of the public interest.
So, in this logic, the proposal that we are putting forward today for the operation of critical sectors of the administration and critical infrastructure, introduces another logic in the operation of the state itself.
 The logic of transparency.
 Transparency in the licensing and execution of public works, in the operation of control mechanisms, in the establishment and compliance with specifications, in the application of minimum safe operation rates for each public infrastructure.
Why good intentions are not enough for security.
 You need light.
 More light.
 Much of the mismanagement, inefficiency and corruption in public-private transactions, which is a critical issue for the safety and operation of public infrastructure, is due to the darkness.
 Due to lack of visibility.
 And where there is no light and visibility, corruption usually flourishes.
 And always at the expense of security and safety.
 Because where the horse-trading and deals are done under the table, you can be sure that no one takes into account either the safety or the quality of the infrastructure.
We are determined to put a definitive end to this party that puts not only public finances at risk, but human life itself.
 And this will not be done with half-measures, but with radical proposals and above all the political will to confront decline.
 Because it is a decadence to live in a state that had no supplies in the hospitals at the time of the pandemic, but at the same time had 9.5 billion.
 in direct awards and restricted tenders.
So what do we need.
 We need a major breakthrough in transparency in the licensing, execution and operation of public works, of major public infrastructure projects, which will ensure that proper procedures are followed and, above all, their safety standards.
We need a secure, transparent and efficient system for recording, producing and monitoring public and private projects.
 How.
 Shedding light where today there is shadow, or there is darkness.
At the heart of our proposal is a new Transparency for public works.
 A new Transparency for infrastructure projects as a whole.
 All in the light.
 No more delays and under-the-table transactions.
 No more project swamps.
 No more darkness that means oxygen to corruption.
 We want oxygen to transparency, not corruption.
So we proceed in three steps: First, with the establishment, implementation and operation of a digital Central Licensing System.
 Interconnection of all bodies and services of the public and wider public sector involved in the licensing and approval procedures for public and private technical works, as well as all the control bodies and authorities.
The entire approval and licensing process will now be handled electronically.
 The system will also include the special categories of permits and approvals from bodies and services such as the Forestry Service, the Ephorates of Antiquities, the Council of Architecture, the Fire Brigade and others.
Second, we are moving towards the establishment, implementation and operation of a digital Central Monitoring System for Technical Projects.
 This system will record the entire progress of a public project.
In short, what is happening today cannot be the case.
 That is, after the pre-contractual control by all the bodies that exercise the control of legality - such as the Court of Auditors, the Pre-Trial Proceedings Authority, if necessary the Independent Authority for Public Procurement, all the managing authorities.
 After the pre-contract check and the start of the contract implementation process, a project is left without visibility by the public opinion, by the competent bodies and the correct compliance with the prescribed procedures of a contract is left to the discretion of the employees of the competent department and of course their relationship with the contractor company.
 From now on, every account, every spreadsheet, every progress, every disbursement will be on Transparency, visible to all.
 And obviously any extension and any delay will be in the light.
 Everyone will have access.
Therefore, the Independent Public Procurement Authority, the Minister of Infrastructure, MPs and every ordinary citizen will have the opportunity to know, control and intervene.
Finally, we are moving forward with a third digital innovation: The establishment, implementation and operation of a System for Recording, Operation and Maintenance of Public and Private Projects, in which all public and private projects, which have been definitively received, will be recorded.
 At the same time, the list of maintenance and operation data for works and buildings is also compiled, which is interconnected with the Electronic Identity of Buildings system.
 In short, we are creating a National Digital Infrastructure Registry, but in which all maintenance actions, all security certifications are recorded, so that we know at any time what the state of public infrastructure is and therefore what needs to be done to ensure the safety of its use.
With these three interventions we ensure transparency in the project implementation process and gain control and the necessary knowledge of the security status of all public infrastructures.
I am convinced that our plan for Transparency in the implementation of public projects and in the maintenance and operation of public infrastructure is a top institutional breakthrough, similar to other top institutional breakthroughs in the operation of the Public Administration.
 Similar to other transparency and merit-based interventions.
 It is a breakthrough that will give the necessary institutional tools of control to the Administration, but also will instil a different mentality in public officials.
 And above all another relationship between public services and private individuals.
A relationship that, if streamlined, will ensure public resources, speed in the implementation of projects and, most importantly, security for the citizen, which is what we are looking for.
This is our plan, friends, this is a radical institutional breakthrough that we are determined to put into practice in the functioning of the administration to ensure transparency, quality, speed and above all the safety of public infrastructure.
 With these thoughts, I want to thank you, to congratulate you for this conference.
 And of course I pledge that we will take into account all the views that will be presented here today to do everything possible to avoid in the future a similar tragedy like the one we experienced a few days ago with the 57 of our fellow citizens who were unjustly lost in Tempe.
Thank you very much.
