Friends. Every day, every hour in every corner of Greece. Meetings like these prove only one thing. PASOK on 21 May will be a strong party, a party that will be the protagonist of the new era. So here's why. I invite all Greek democrats, progressive citizens. To raise the green flag of the sun high. The flag of social justice and national dignity of the historic movement of our founder Andreas Papandreou, a movement. Which offered much to the Greek people. A democratic movement, a reformist movement. that has succeeded today after many years of crisis. Millions of Greek citizens. Watching series on television and saying, reminiscing about the good years of PASOK, we have a duty to make the good years of social justice, of perspective and hope for all Greeks a reality again. 27 days. They are left from the moment when citizens will go to the polls in the national elections to make a brave decision for change. To change the terms of their lives. To demand more opportunities for the younger generation, to change the state of favouritism, and the cronies in power. The state they led to bankruptcy and unfortunately some remain unrepentant, continuing these vicious practices. So the dilemma of these elections is not about Tsipras or Mitsotakis, is it? The majority of Greek citizens in the future if these 2 former prime ministers are saved? The people are not interested in answering their personal dead ends. They are already giving change to each other, investing in extreme polarization, false dilemmas and fake news.

Mr Mitsotakis, who promised an effective executive state but turned out to be a stooge of powerful economic interests, a champion of temporary employees and a champion of direct assignments.

Today. No one from New Democracy said an apology when a month ago we were saying that the transfer of the stationmaster leading to the tragedy in Tempe was illegal and we were told. That it was perfectly legal under the law of the New Republic. The commission appointed by Mr Mitsotakis himself, the three-member commission, said that it was an illegal transfer. Still. And in such tragic events. In which we mourned 57 dead. The majority of them young people, when the central government has such a political ethos of not telling a drop of truth. Do you understand what we owe on May 21 to close this cycle of vicious governance of the New Democracy?

During the days of the current prime minister, social inequalities and the accuracy of basic foodstuffs have widened. Prices are still galloping through this twelve-month inflationary surge. New jobs the more than 400 €. This is the gentleman's growth. Mitsotakis, the growth of 300 € but making many young people. Your children and your grandchildren are unable to establish themselves in our country and are constantly looking for opportunities abroad.

In the face of the actions of New Democracy, Mr Mitsotakis, out of his great anguish, even recruited Karatzaferis to pick up some votes and the scarecrow of Mr Tsipras, saying, watch out, SYRIZA is coming, vote for New Democracy and we answer from Agrinio, vote for PASOK so that both of them can leave. They are squeezing PASOK please with the party of drachma of Yanis Varoufakis. No matter how much they want to distort the modern history of Greece. The reality that we are living the democratic party, PASOK was the only party, which from the beginning of the crisis and the bankruptcy left behind by Mr. Karamanlis, kept an honest attitude, a firm position and defended Greece of the euro, when New Democracy, together with SYRIZA, Varoufakis and the extreme right were saying big and easy words with a law and an article. So without asterisks, without illusions from Zappia and Thessaloniki for us, then that struggle was not just about a currency, it was about the geopolitical position of the country, because this geopolitical position of the country is above all security and perspective. Because we are a deeply patriotic movement that does not play games on the backs of the Greek people on such crucial issues of the future.  Mr Mitsotakis accuses us of talking about monstrosities, inventing science fiction scenarios. PASOK, Mr Mitsotakis, knows a monstrosity. That of the lower square and the upper square of drachmas, neo-Nazis, left-wing and blue illusions glorified together on the sacrifices and sufferings of the Greek people.

So that's why there are lessons of responsibility elsewhere and there is of course the example of Mr George. The man that SYRIZA and New Democracy tried to blame the bankruptcy of Mr. Karamanlis with the 15.5% external deficit. When he was vindicated a few weeks ago by the European Court of Human Rights. Such is the liberalism of Mr Mitsotakis and the Progressivism of Mr Tsipras that they did not issue a word of statement to apologise for trying to blame the bankruptcy of the right wing by the so-called Left and Right on a single man. Is this not European normality?

Friends and friends. On the other side is SYRIZA. It only knows. A practice. Divisiveness and populism along with the magic solutions that just missed to destroy the country. Today Mr. Tsipras is tightly embraced by the representative of the Karamanlis government, Mr. Antonaros. A terribly left-wing and progressive choice.

It also closes the eye. In Golden Dawn, by not voting to put a legislative obstacle in the way of allowing neo-Nazism and not only neo-Nazism to the murderers of Pavlos Fyssas to participate in the next Parliament. Which of these things is progressive?

Is it progressive to be convicted 13-0 by the Special Court because of the TV licenses? His closest associate, Mr. Pappas, and instead of being at home, he's front table center on the SYRIZA ballot.
So what credibility? And let Mr Tsipras finally stop pretending to be the representative of progressive governance. All he can achieve is to be the scarecrow for the gentleman. Mitsotakis, if it were not for this option, New Democracy would already be past the wiretapping scandal. Also, let's remember the past, because these are not recent houia. They are old houia when it had the choice not to co-govern with another, but from the first night tightly embraced by Mr Kammenos and the Independent Greeks today. They say that we. We think it was a bad time with Mr Kammenos, while some of the candidates say it was a blessing to be in coalition with Mr Kammenos. It was probably a blessing in disguise, because if you look at the SYRIZA ballot papers of the so-called Left, there are dozens of candidates who are orphans of Mr Kammenos.

So, dear friends. On 21 May we vote PASOK and PASOK comes out. We are opening a new page for our country, for the young people, for all generations, and that is why we call on the Greek people to make a choice of responsibility, a choice of change and to choose between a state of opacity that exists only as a spoil for the blue children and a state of transparency and respect for institutions and human rights. A state of social injustice that implements policies for the few and powerful and a state of justice with strong public health and education.

This public health that George Gennimatas built with Paraskevas Avgerinos and Mr Mitsotakis is dismantling with his legislation. This education that the child of the farmer and the farmer in the 1980s here from Aitoloakarnania was studying to become a doctor, an engineer, a lawyer, producing wealth and providing his family with dignity and prospects. This education as a lever for social justice and upward social mobility. We envision it with a strong public character.  

So he has to choose from a state that takes decisions by giving the loans and the property of the Greek people to foreign funds to a state that ensures the fair regulation of the private debt of households and businesses to a state that ensures the fair regulation of the private debt of households and businesses to a state that subsidizes excess profits to electricity producers and oligopolies and a state that sets rules in the markets and is not captured by small or big interests. Mr Mitsotakis is trying to put on the suit of stability. When he is the main agent of instability with the interceptions, the takeover of the state by the blue children, stating clearly that he will drag the country into as many confrontations as necessary, as long as he is Prime Minister. We respond by saying stability and progress from the first Sunday, without the country getting into the adventures that Tsipras and Mitsotakis want to take it on. On the other hand, Mr Tsipras is saying something terrible. He says I am doing he says the government of winners only. What does a government of winners only mean? It means that he does not believe in the simple proportional representation that he himself voted for. So Mr Tsipras' priority, and let all democrats, progressive Greeks understand this, is not to get rid of the right and Mitsotakis, but to become prime minister himself at any cost to the country.

We have other priorities, PASOK's priority is the public interest. It is social justice, it is national dignity and not the chair and the personal agonies of Mr Tsipras. So, on 21 May we say to the citizens. Give us the power for us. The priority is that the country can have a political system with ethics, with consistency of words and actions before and after the elections for this. What we are saying is concrete. We are fighting the fight of the concrete and the progressive because young people are tired, young people are tired, Greeks are tired of big words, without impact constantly disappointments. So let us see what our priorities will be with a strong PASOK on 22 May, the day after the elections.

With a strong PASOK, I guarantee the creation of a pool of 150,000 social housing units, newly built or with funds from the Reconstruction Recovery Fund, with tax relief for their owners, in order to make them available with social criteria and cheap rent to 150,000 families throughout Greece. Decent and cheap access to housing at a time when rents are soaring across Greece. And why are we saying this? Because it will create a pool of competition to bring down overall rents, which are currently the biggest chunk in the cost of living for a poor family. To come together to create a grid that will address the protection of the first home and private debt as a whole for us the second chance of dignity for all Greeks who fought in a transparent way fought but did not succeed. It is a priority. We will not allow the Greek economy to be deflated and the red loans of cooperatives and businesses to become a framework for blackmail in order to put everything in foreign hands. So what is this protection? No first home on the basis. The ability of each family and social criteria, objective, social and economic criteria, will not be auctioned. We are not discussing Mr Tsipras' populists. Who said in 2014 before the election don't pay your loans Seismicity. And then a year later he passed the law that handed over all the probably billions of red loans to the funds, so that today a large part of the Greek people are being extorted. We therefore respond to populism with justice and rationality. That is why we are reinstating the protection of the first home with an updated law, like the PASOK law of 2010. The Katseli law that Mr Tsipras wants to appropriate by putting Katseli close to him but not telling the Greek people that SYRIZA never voted for it was opposed to this 2010 law. As it was opposed to every effort to support society in a very difficult phase of the economic crisis.

Similar protection on agricultural land protection of borrowers with Swiss franc by limiting the cost and liability to 1/3 of the interest rate and 2/3 burden on the banking institution. According to the exchange rate. Substantial negotiation with banks and taking measures to eliminate and prevent increases in interest rates on loans to weak households. Reduce the banks' profit margin for consistent borrowers. Why should there be an incentive for them to continue to pay their instalments smoothly? The government has allowed the banks for months now to speculate at the expense of the Greek people, taking advantage of the large gap between a very low deposit rate and a very high deposit rate, one of the highest in Europe lending rates. That is all. We have said since then that they must be addressed by taxing the excess profits. Mitsotakis used to say that I was saying populist things. But when the banks to give him a gift that protected them so many months of profitability. They made a small adjustment to the mortgage rate. That stopped being populism and became a very nice gift from the New Republic. The Greek people have dignity and want institutional solutions to red loans, not pre-election winking at the weak.

Friends with PASOK strong. On the first Sunday. We are negotiating a strong national health care system of free public health care, which has historically been the priority of the democratic party for all Greeks and especially at this time when spending, private spending on health care is third in the entire European Union for Greeks, after only Bulgaria and Lithuania. And while we have some of the lowest wages. So that's why I pledge that we will use not 2-4% of the Recovery Fund for the NHS, as New Democracy does, but 8-10% of the Recovery Fund. To create a strong network of primary health centres throughout Greece. Do you know very well here in Agrinio what happened to your hospital? So we and I am talking about the pandemic era. We therefore demand immediate staffing of NHS hospitals with permanent medical staff, as well as an increase in the salaries of NHS doctors, bringing them into line with those of doctors. The European Union, the establishment of social, economic and scientific incentives to stop the understaffing of hospitals in the region and, of course, to be fair to all medical professions and especially to those who have given the struggle of the pandemic to finally be included in the heavy and unhealthy health workers of the national health system.

Friends and friends. Economy and small and medium-sized enterprises. The government presents a false picture of the Greek economy. Again we started with concrete numbers and half truth. In practice the problems and inequalities are escalating. The gross public debt broke the 400 billion euro barrier in the era of Mr Mitsotakis. I certainly do not see all those professors who came out in previous years and spoke publicly about the huge debt issue saying anything before the elections. About where New Democracy has taken the debt. The trade deficit and it has increased. Where are all these people who knew the lot to explain to us how the economy is doing well when the trade deficit is escalating and the debt is past 400 billion. The government is touting the high rates, it says GDP growth. So the growth of the denominator. It's real growth, it's healthy growth. This growth is due first of all to the big fiscal intervention that was made during the pandemic years and it's most of the taxes of the Greek people and of course consumption and partly tourism.

For us. The real qualitative development will be when we don't have a vision of Greece becoming a vast hotel, but when we have a vision of tourism working with agri-food, with manufacturing and that the profits that they have on the islands and in specific parts of Greece are shared by farmers and livestock farmers throughout Greece. This is a real model of European development that benefits all the Greek people. Also, the foreign investment business says for foreign investment. Truly productive foreign investment is only 14% of all investment, with the rest being real estate and exports from existing Greek businesses. So the question for Mr Mitsotakis is inexorable, Who has benefited from these policy choices? Certainly not the Greek households whose disposable income was reduced due to price pressures. It is telling that 30% of Greeks are now threatened with poverty and social exclusion. According to official Eurostat figures, while inequalities have widened dangerously. Therefore, neither small nor medium-sized enterprises have benefited from the favourable low-interest loans from the Recovery Fund, which are essentially administered by the banks and which, according to figures from two months ago, 67 enterprises have received 1.1 billion at an interest rate of 1.2%, when thousands of small and medium-sized enterprises have been excluded. So that is why we believe that the Recovery Fund should be geared with incentives to this huge mass of SMEs.

It is time, friends, for a bold and major political change in the economy for a durable growth that will last and not be constantly swayed by international developments. That is what we are talking about. For the strengthening of "Made in Greece" products of domestic production of Greek production. We need to strengthen our extroversion and exports. So that's why we have first priority, providing substantial incentives for value chain networking partnerships, so that new acquisitions of companies stop, search, look for new markets and have improved access to financial sources. These investments therefore propose a three-year exemption from capital gains tax for new business formations created by networking and partnerships. In addition, we propose specific lines of financing. From the NSRF for the relocation of small and medium-sized enterprises to organised craft parks. Special funding lines from the Recovery Fund for SME investments in innovation, energy adaptation, digital transformation and creation of product development centres in the regions to provide technical assistance, standardisation planning for the development of new products and their distribution networks for accumulated debts to tax authorities and social security funds we propose real arrangements in 120 instalments for all with a haircut for the punctual ones.

Friends, I cannot fail to mention. Here from Agrinio. From Aitoloakarnania. To the great issue of our farmers. This party once said and did a lot for the farmers, and in one of our commercials, if you remember, we said that blood is not water. So blood is not water because we have proposals to really support our farmers and to keep young people here to produce wealth and to build on their family's assets. That is why, as I did yesterday from Trikala, I am talking about a new contract of honour with the Greek farmer and the Greek farmer. PASOK wants redemptive solutions in the face of the sharp rise in production costs and the precariousness faced by the farming world. We therefore require immediate measures to support our producers, to reduce production costs, especially for agricultural supplies and fuel, with zero excise duty on agricultural oil for the entire period of the crisis.

Support? Supporting energy communities among farmers for renewable energy production. I say this. Because everyone was talking. We were the first to talk about the green transition. If you remember, then New Democracy mainly, but also the coalition. Some of the coalition then were talking about Papandreou's green horses, and now we are looking to see how to make a fair green transition, so that we have stable energy costs and not our country is moving away from lignite and instead our municipalities, our farmers, our cooperatives, our livestock farmers are producing their own renewable energy from sun from wind. Have it all right and hold the country hostage to natural gas, resulting in too many bills going up and too many bills going down, not with policy choices to develop renewables, but with your taxes. They were taking it out of one pocket and putting it in the other pocket. That was Mr Mitsotakis' policy that gave more profitability to the power generators at the time of the energy crisis. Despite the past years, we will stand in the way of this speculation. For us, the green transition will be people-centred. With energy democracy with respect for the environment and production. We also propose universal protection of agricultural land from confiscation, the introduction of the unconstrained and tax-free status of subsidies, compensation and aid to farmers, updating the ELGA insurance regulation with an extension of coverage of disasters to livestock caused by climate change. They probably do not know the word in the Ministry of Rural Development Climate Change, with the result that thousands of farmers are not being compensated by these phenomena.

The whole process for the new CAP programmes must be completed within one year without bureaucracy, with specific dates for application, assessment and payment. Stop inconveniencing our farmers, abolish the runner-up beneficiary policy through proper resource planning and not in wasted subsidies.

Friends. In closing. I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for your presence here today. I want you to know that the fight I am fighting is to prove to your children in the younger generations that we are not all the same. So for this. These commitments. Are they written in stone, if not why is it some partisan ego? It is because I am convinced that we must unite our people and not allow the right and Syriza to divide them at the slightest thing. Nuclear accident to happen in Ukraine beating wood, will Tsipras and Mitsotakis fight? PASOK's work is done. Then in 2011 it started in Evros with the fence, Tsipras and Mitsotakis quarreled, because they quarreled, SYRIZA tore it down, no, because one of them said the executives of the New Democracy that we are doing it to orient the people, the memoranda and the others said that the European taxpayer was wrong to pay for it. So what does Syriza want? The Greek people should pay for the security of the European borders with billions of arms that the Greek Parliament did not vote in favour of us guarding our borders and the Europeans should not pay for it, since they are European borders.
Why am I saying this? We do not play with populism. We do not play with passions with problems.

If we had had a meaningful discussion on the refugee migration issue. Substantial but without games, our farmers all over Greece would not be crying today because they have no farm workers and their fruit is rotting on the trees. We would respect as a state, European laws and the framework that exists and respect for refugees, and on the other hand we would have a serious immigration policy to deal with the huge issues of the Greek economy, as is the case in livestock farming, tourism and the agricultural sector.

But they learned the easy way. A few words. Rather a lot of words, easy words, few actions and constantly toxic conflicts. This new era of PASOK is an era of programmatic political ethos, of consistency, because for us political ethos is above all to respect the citizen, the man, the woman, the mother, the struggle, the toil of the Greek people and to defend justice, social justice and to fight to address social inequalities. That is not a political ethic, Mr Mitsotakis. Your secret services. Your close associates setting up a parastatal against me and then trying to prove that the leader of the third party is a vassal of foreign powers. That's what the right did before 1981. As well as. It's not political ethics. It's not political ethics. A young man, a young woman, reporting an abuse and Mr. Tsipras saying we are with the victim and at the same time thousands of his staffers and internet trolls drinking water in his name deconstructing this young man.

I say this, friends, because we are here with a very big debt on 21 May. A strong Greece, with a strong democracy, with strong citizens, with hope and prospects for all Greeks. We are the democratic party that fights for the separation of powers, for the rule of law and human rights. Whoever this affects, we do not weigh these values on the basis of the political nuance of the person affected or our petty party interests. That is why there are 28 days left, 28 crucial days. Just over three weeks. I ask nothing more of you who are here today, but only a take the fight into your own hands, in every village, in every town, in every workplace. Make PASOK the force that guarantees them, the hope and the prospect for all Greeks. Raise the green flag, let the sun of PASOK rise, the sun of hope and perspective, the sun of social justice and national dignity. Today, here in Agrinio, we want to send a message of victory to all of Greece, because PASOK is here, united and strong, good strength and a good fight.