The Greek society that the battle we have ahead of us until May 21 is a battle that concerns our lives.
 Glass for.
 Let Wednesday earlier Easter Wednesday.
 We glass.
 Gall for.
 And I say, I'll see it everywhere I am.
 There is a lot of importance given to what you see in the media in the last few days, to the daily contact with the people, the ordinary people, the everyday people.
 For this welcome and from the bottom of my heart I want to thank you, but I want you to know that the crucial thing for us and for our lives is what policies will govern the goal of.
 So what is needed is of course for the forces of honesty to come forward, but also with a plan that will give breath and prosperity to the country, because for 4 years now what has been dominating is the deception of the middle class of pensioners and wage earners.
 The values.
 Who would say.
 Glass for.
 That it's time to say so far, disparaged her one as.
 Here you will.
 Glass for.
 Glass for.
 Value will.
 It's these days until the May 21 elections.
 On the real problems that Greece has, this is the right way to talk about the real problems.
 The real problems then, are above all perhaps income.
 It is the labour relations are.
 The feeling of hope for the new generation is the insecurity that the citizen feels in the face of a hostile state is the disintegration of the national health system.
 It is the fear against the crows and the face book contractor to get the first.
 Residence will.
 Gall for.
 Glass for.
 This government, the Prime Minister himself, his ministers, the media that support them do not want us to discuss these big problems at all and I don't want us to discuss these problems because they have no answer to give 4 years now, they have shown signs of writing, they have no answers to give to accuracy, to the shrinking of our income, he says.
 The astra waxes are not imported at all, they are Greek, It is not possible for our country to be the most expensive country in Europe in the price of electricity and the most expensive country in the price of petrol, the most expensive supermarket prices, while we have the lowest wages and they want to give answers and we reach the point.
 Here's the world of impaired perception I saw the other day.
 How they tried to set up an amateur way.
 Another tribal camera show with the restart of the railroad a month after the tragic accident of the temps and they got to the point of dressing up as alleged passengers.
 The executives of New Democracy, who joined the people who were in this fiasco show at the Larissa station to show that there is supposedly a TV station, while it was an antiquated console, the same people pretend to be passengers and tell them how safe we feel for so stupidly passing citizens, I don't know if these tips.
 We give them American Communicators.
 I don't know if they pass Greek citizens off as Americans to chicken shit expression.
 I want to remember.
 An action of a not sociologist, but a great American politician blog.
 Who had said, one can fool everyone once to dance a few all the time, but one cannot fool everyone all the time.
 Ler for say.
 Glass for.
 You're going to be pensionable, he made them 19 that he would keep the thirteenth pension which was what they said was peanuts and it was 1.1 billion a year.
 I've got the back pay.
 They will the pensioners that supposedly they should not appeal, because what they get those who appealed will get the others and especially the gifts and supplementary pensions are not taken by anyone, add up the 4 years how much it costs to cut the thirteenth and the non-reimbursement of retroactive payments is 7 billion euros.
 7 billion less pensioner cheated middle class.
 I made tax cuts.
 And what they finally gave 4 years later were unprecedented, horrific increases.
 Income decreases is saved in the third week of the month.
 According to official Eurostat data, for an income of €750 per month.
 The purchasing power has been reduced by 40%, meaning that the citizen, the backbencher, the pensioner who gets 700 to 750 € salary has or that salary that income is 40% lower in value than the year and a half before they dripped relief and what they actually gave was an unprecedented loss of income and they have submerged the middle class I guess.
 I'd support going to the supermarket to live.
 Glass for.
 It's what he was saying because I want to speak the language of truth.
 We are facing major challenges.
 Okay, his government have a plan.
 This plan is the redistribution of wealth and property of the middle class and the weak.
 The first phase of the first phase of the project.
 We saw it with the scary increases.
 Electricity in petrol, in the supermarket and with subsidies, mind you, keeps the value added tax and the initial consumption tax high.
 Why does it do this When prices have climbed to God to increase government revenues.
 We have obscene for state housing.
 Areas have gone up 4 billion in 22 the value added tax revenue was not even the revenue gives it as targeted subsidies, but where do these subsidies go.
 Don't go to school with energy companies to keep energy prices high, says.
 When fans price gasoline we go to the supermarkets to keep and raise the prices even higher.
 So the money that is being gambled away by the citizens.
 View on work, philosophy and the new excise tax go targeted to the few pockets.
 This is a great redistribution.
 The 15 major publicly traded companies have 20-year profits in 2022, over a billion every month 15 billion in profits this.
 Tens of billions in losses from the middle class, pensioners and employees and at the same time a state, the blue children for day laborers and short, doubled the post-employees, increased salaries, doubled the managers in public utilities, creating of course a big scandal.
 I was saying through 10 billion euros in direct commissions, he says.
 Yes, three days before these assignments.
 So.
 Redistribution of wealth from the many to the few and powerful and plunder of public wealth by what we have aptly called the blue locusts.
 But what is it that is coming and I want you to have this today and a great.
 But to think of fortunes.
 Through the tsunami of foreclosures that if Mitsotakis is re-elected, will come and I am addressing the middle class today, not only the weak, the homemakers, the freelancers, the wage earners, the pensioners, they managed after a lifetime of interest to have a house with a loan.
 This loan can not pay and incitement and found in the banks.
 Then he would say.
 Farmland or commercial land is expected next time this plan to be auctioned 40 billion increased private debt in the last 4 years, 100 to 11 percent million have reached non-performing loans.
 And 700.
000 properties have passed into the hands of funds and management companies over 40 billion euros or value.
 These 700.
000 properties have plan and large.
 Majority to change and to transfer them ceiling.
 This is the big issue that should concern Greek society, the road to the elections, so I am addressing today.
 Animals to citizens.
 Right Left Eccentric.
 We are not only appealing to the left, to the citizens who have worked hard.
 They've made a fortune all their lives and they see that now that fortune is threatened.
 They say that the narrative, the great election of this, among all the others, is the dilemma that has to do between.
 Protecting their property or looting their property.
 The dilemma he has to do and we put it very much so the regime will Panagiotis.
 The proposal for the regulation of red loans and the protection of the first home, the dilemma to regulate.
 Loans said.
 Gallery, algae.
 That society will decide.
 Kokkalis will decide the protection of the first home and it is not only an issue that concerns social cohesion, but an issue that concerns the sustainability of the Greek economy.
 Society cannot become a jungle.
 We cannot live in a country of work, the middle class and power cannot become a pawn in the speculative plans of the powerful few.
 So I want to send a message from here today from his daughter.
 The next elections are crucial.
 Gall for.
 Gal because.
 Which is our choice in order to ensure that every citizen's vote is equally matched.
 What comes out of the House is a right, the ecosystem.
 Some logic does not mean that we choose to vote for testimony, but I will say it differently the most powerful.
 A vote of protest, the strongest anti-systemic vote is the one that will defeat the system that governs us.
 Glass for.
 Glass for.
 Glass for.
 Glass for.
 Glass for.
 That the victory of SYRIZA in the elections by simple proportional representation will lead the next day to the formation of a government of progressive cooperation.
 Glass for.
 For l.
 For.
 So we know that a vote for SYRIZA, to put it briefly, means 4 things.
 It means a wage increase, it means a price reduction, it means debt adjustment and it means a net.
 Glass for.
 For l.
 Glass for.
 Then they present their supposedly antisystemic power of the soul kind.
 Antisystemic are the ones who will find the system and want to get as head of the combination to prosecutors and judges who are the system within the House.
 Glass for.
 Mass for fascism is the yeast against intolerance.
 The battle against misanthropy is not won by decrees, and not only by decrees that are perforated and unconstitutional.
 It is won through a daily struggle, it is won in the spaces of everyday life, where we have to create a network of solidarity and support for the weakest, a network of solidarity and support for the different and that we want a pluralistic society, a democratic society, a society where everyone is equal, so.
 Our struggle for justice is a struggle that has perspective, comes from far away and will go far away.
 This place has always been a place where the conquests of the people lead to more justice and more democracy.
 On the 21st of May we strike.
 Glass for.
 Glass for.
 Glass for.
 Glass for.
 Glass for.
 Glass for.
 For λ U.
 He was saying about word.
