We say. Let's come to an understanding on another big issue. The one concerning effective. Transition to the green economy. You know everybody talks about the green age. We talked first. George Papandreou spoke first. Since the middle of the last decade before last about the green transition. Do you remember what New Democracy was saying? Prasin horses. And the Left pretended not to know the issue. And now, instead of making a green transition with Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis, instead of getting rid of fossil fuels and putting in renewable energy sources, we are dumping our own lignite and putting in natural gas that belongs to third countries, making the Greek people live through the worst energy crisis in Europe, and then they come and say but we reduced your tariff. The gentlemen of the new democracy. And from where they reduced the tariffs from their own pockets from your taxes they reduced the tariffs from one pocket and put them in the other. What do we suggest? We are proposing that a large amount of the recovery fund go to energy grid upgrades so that in the next few years, as all the countries in Europe are doing, we can have hundreds of energy communities in regional municipalities in cooperatives, farmers, ranchers, processors, so that they all know that in the next 15 years they will have stable production costs and not be extorted by global turbulence. Is that what the government wants? The minister from your county. Just before August 15. He took some legislative initiatives. And handed over the remaining renewable energy space. Only to the powerful. This shows that the new democracy wants the green transition to be a field of powerful businessmen in the country. We call for energy democracy, energy justice. Photovoltaic panels on roofs, in large urban centres, so that no Greek is driven into energy poverty. And I want to say here from Trikala. That already in Europe they are discussing a large part of the ETS after 2030 to pay for houses and cars. But who have the most energy-intensive houses and cars in Greece and Europe? But the poorest Europeans and the poorest Greeks, what are we going to tell them then? That they did not know that in 2023 from Trikala I was saying that all parties should commit themselves to a green transition and social justice for all Greeks and not cry over the broken bones after 2030, as they did with the memoranda. We look and talk with an eye to the future. That is why we are building the relationship of trust and honesty with all Greeks, with all Greeks and especially with the younger generation. And this party has a duty to talk about the future. A society that does not see the future and that does not take decisions that shield it and make it resilient is vulnerable to all international developments.