TUESDAY 7 MARCH 2023 Speech of the President of the Hellenic Solution Kyriakos Velopoulos in the Parliament, during the debate and vote on the principle, the articles and the whole of the draft law: "Redistricting and decentralization of the competences of the ordinary administrative courts, organization of telematics sessions, conversion of transitional seats and establishment of telematics court offices - Other urgent regulations of the Ministry of Justice".
I'll start with something that proves how rotten the Southwest is.
 The desperate people of the Southwest are spreading a false, ill-conceived, unarticulated text.
 They're peddling it to "wash" the murder of our children.
 The text says: "I am working with Hellenic Solution and MP Simeon Koupeoglou, if you vote for him you will receive 25 euros per person for every vote you and your family cast.
 You will receive a ready-made ballot paper.
 You are invited to our opening on 6/3/2023 at 7 pm.
 Lagada address 237A, opposite the Stavroupolis psychiatric hospital".
 So much despair and so much stench.
 I'm telling you that a prosecutor has already been brought in.
 We'll take you all the way.
 But I answer you with a quote from Brecht: "Ah, what good is it to be up to your neck in mud to keep your fingernails clean.
».
 And I'm referring to the Southwest.
 You have set up a whole parastatal mechanism.
 You are destroying the country.
 As Georgios Souris used to say "Greek politicians have always as their profession the salvation of the homeland.
 Not only do they have no other profession, not only do they not save the country, but they are constantly destroying it.
 The worst.
 Their constituents are bothered by other people's work.".
 You've made a mess of things.
 Looking back at Mati, we see that 4.5 years later, no serious urban planning and town planning intervention has been made.
 The passageways to the beach remain hidden even 70 cm.
 Some trees at the sailor's house were planted there to justify the donations.
 If something happens, we'll have the same thing again.
 And don't say you didn't know.
 And the worst of all is that there is a perception in the Prime Minister that with an apology he has cleaned up and the Greeks will forget.
 The Prime Minister has been apologizing for his mistakes for 3 years.
 He apologised for Tempe.
 Apologise for the surveillance.
 He apologized for the inconvenience of drivers on Attiki Odos.
 He apologised for the fires in Evia.
 How many more apologies does he have to make before he resigns?
 We tell him that we do not accept his apology.
 We call for the resignation of the government.
 We ask that no former transport and infrastructure minister stand as a candidate in this election.
 We seek vindication.
 Kazantzakis said: "I am not afraid of God.
 He understands and forgives.
 I'm afraid of people.
 They do not forgive".
 So the Greek people will never forgive this government that had all the conditions to do everything right and did nothing.
 Give me a serious excuse why you went to Tempe.
 I was watching a party leader giving blood in the hospital and smiling.
 Others went to the scene of the accident as if they were returning to the scene of the crime.
 At the memorial you went and chatted with each other, smiled, others were staring at their mobile phones.
 How can the ordinary citizen believe you like this.
 Searches were stopped for 40 minutes so that the cameras could catch the President throwing flowers at the trains, while the searches were still taking place.
 Father who lost his child said that Mrs Sakellaropoulou was throwing flowers as if she had gone to a boulangerie.
 They stopped the searches for 15 minutes for each leader.
 Why?
You have reached the extreme point of instrumentalising even elections to cover up the lost lives of our children.
 You are playing with the dates of the elections as you have been playing with Greece and the institutions for 4 years.
 The Greece you have made is killing its children.
 We will either burn, or drown, or our children will be torn to pieces in the streets.
 Now go to elections.
"Go where it goes" has become a national motto.
 We live in the land of sloppiness, of no boredom and God bless.
 Greece is the only country in Europe that has virtually no railway network.
 And what is there is the worst.
 But the reason is different.
 And it must be sought in who are the people who do not want the OSE.
 They don't want the trains.
 It all starts 100 years ago.
 We have the Berlin-Baghdad axis, we have the ports of Hamburg, Rotterdam and Antwerp.
 And on the other hand we have the port of Piraeus, the only port in the world that does not have a train.
 All this shows that Germany is behind.
 All your prime ministers have had a ban from Germany on trains going to Piraeus.
 But it's not just the Germans.
 It's your friends the contractors who make a profit from the tolls, it's your friend who owns the airline.
 We have a duty not to be silent, because this is not about Mati with the wind of 11 Beaufort, it is not about Ilia with the wind of 9 Beaufort, it is not about Varybobi with apnea.
 This is a railway network that not a single African country has.
 You have committed 10 crimes, all of you, which have cost 27 billion euros.
 -1ON) PASOK 2000: the scandal is revealed, but it was put on file.
 Loss 100 million.
 euro.
  -2ON) PASOK 2003: scandalous contracts with "national contractors".
 Billion euro loss for OSE.
  -3ON) PASOK 2003: OSE debt at 3.5 billion euros.
 -4ON) SW 2009: OSE debt at 10 billion euros.
 -5ON) PASOK: not a single euro has been given for network maintenance since 2010.
 -6ON) PASOK: we have the Reppa law of 2010 that fragmented the OSE.
  -7ON) ND-PASOK 2014: you covered up through arbitration the scandal of 37 billion euros against OSE.
  -8ON) SYRIZA 2017: gave away TRAINOSE for 45 million.
 and at the same time provided the Italians with EUR 50 million.
 euro.
  -9ON) SYRIZA 2018: GAIOSE passed to the superfund.
 -10ON) SW 2022: the scandal contract that cancels the Italian commitments for 600 million investments was signed.
 euros and commits the next governments for 15 years And who is your ally in all this?
 Systemic journalism, which once again proves to be the enemy of society.
 Instead of asking questions of the government, your journalists make unthinkable statements: -"In the midst of national mourning, strikes are unthinkable"-"The accident could be an opportunity to build a wonderful railway network, as happened after the accident in Tempe with the road network"-"The government must show its superiority in management, in relation to Mati, if it wants to win the elections"-"Unfortunately, they had to die to make infrastructure.
 Now it has become a sacrifice "What are these things.
Normally they should have asked:-What was the freight train carrying.
-His itinerary was declared.
-Where are the missing persons.
-Why did an army echelon go there before everyone else, while there was no fire at Mati or Attiki Odos.
-Why the Hellenic Train was missing and kept radio silence for 4 days.
Instead of asking all these questions, they put it all on the stationmaster.
 Unfortunately we live in the country where you can see live from your mobile phone where the delivery driver is, but you cannot see two trains running on the same line.
 The victims of the accident may be more than 100.
 And the worst thing is that nobody knows how many people were on the train at that time.
 No one knows how many people got on the train illegally.
 No one knows how many people got off the train and where.
 Will we ever know the exact number of passengers and tickets.
 There is a specific number of tickets with final destinations Katerini and Thessaloniki.
 There are also the passengers who were rescued.
 A simple removal is.
 And also, what about the training of station masters and train workers.
 In Luxembourg they train 3 years of stationmasters.
 They're stupid.
 Here, one phone call from a politician and you go from porter to stationmaster.
 Not to mention the competition for the recruitment of stationmasters.
 I have here the text.
 It says, it is checked for:-1) movement and walking on, within and alongside the railway tracks, for any defects of the lower limbs during movement.
-2) voice testing, for clear and loud speech in employee intercoms.
-3) the ability to count wagons, to test the candidate's agility, concentration, observation and insight.
  What we recommend.
 Compensation to all families should be given now and family members should be recruited without a call for applications.
 Those families who owe money to tax offices, banks and funds should have their debts written off.
  And above all there must be exemplary punishment for those responsible.
 Because that's what we've been telling you.
 We have tabled, as the Greek Solution, 38 questions and topical questions and how many times we have pointed them out in speeches here in Parliament.
 We have the 56 missing persons for whom we should have an update at some point.
 But what strikes us is that in the death report the forensic experts refer to multiple injuries as the cause of death.
 Nowhere is charring and dismemberment mentioned.
 The truth is that we knew about the politicians that they do not respect anything, but we did not expect such mockery and disrespect from the forensic doctors.
 And I ask you, do you know.
 But of course you know how labyrinthine the railways are in Europe.
 But the tragic accident happened here.
 In the country that has only one line.
 You know.
 But of course you know the 2019 MIIR (MEDITERRANEAN INSTITUTE FOR INVESTIGATIVE REPORTING) survey on available European funds and Greek data, which shows that rail accidents are frequent in Greece.
 That between 2010 and 2018 alone we had 137 deaths and 97 serious injuries.
 You know.
 But of course you know, the letter - a letter of mockery to the management of OSE on 27/4/2022, in which the chairman of the maintenance committee of the TRAINOSE network complains about mismanagement, lack of maintenance, zero safety, non-functioning of the light markings.
 You know.
 But of course you know about the letter sent by the Panhellenic Union of Traction Personnel on 1/11/2022, addressed to OSE, the Minister of Infrastructure & Transport, the Railway Regulatory Authority and HELLENIC TRAIN, regarding the poor state of the railway infrastructure, the lack of maintenance, the non-operation of the light signals and the telecommand system, the non-operation of the ETCS (EUROPEAN TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEM).
You know.
 But of course you know about the trade unionists' statement of 7/2/2023 which says all this simply and clearly.
You know.
 But of course you know that the Commission is referring Greece to the EU court for non-compliance with the rules on rail transport, which have been in place since 2012 and which our country should have implemented since 2015.
You know.
 But of course you know that TRAINOSE brings to Greece trains that have been abolished in Switzerland.
And what do you do about all this.
 Refuse control.
 You interfere with the judiciary, as if we were living in the seven years, and then the Prime Minister, the ministers and the prosecutor of the Supreme Court refuse to testify, as required, to the competent bodies and committees of the European Parliament and the institutions.
 Whereas every time you want to adopt an unpopular measure, you bang on about how European it is and how well organised Europe is.
 Now you are looking for a scapegoat to blame for the crime you have been committing for decades.
 The perpetrators of the tragedy are the ministers of transport and infrastructure.
 And the least that can be done is that those who have served as transport and infrastructure ministers since 2012 should not stand for election again.
The "negligent" murders have a name: ND - PASOK - SYRIZA.
 The perpetrator is the Greek justice system.
 It's up to us to punish them retroactively.
 Gentlemen, last Wednesday, somewhere on the train tracks, Spring was lost.
 This country either expels or kills its children.
 It murders hope, dignity, life itself.
 Our view is clear.
 Until telematics, telematics, telemanagement, starts working, no one should travel on this murderous line.
 You talk about privatisation of OSE.
 And what is this actually.
 The Greek state-owned company was taken over by the Italian state-owned company and made it state-owned - private.
 Incredible privatisation.
 As you did with the reduced influence in the EEZ.
 We privatise something and give it to another state.
 As it was with Doyce Telecom, as it was with Fraport.
Minister, in Amyndeo, Florina, at the junction of the train tracks with the road, when the bell rings, the bars go up and then the train passes.
 The Mayor denounced it.
 See the.
 Don't leave it until there's an accident there too.
 REAL revealed that 10 out of 25 tram vehicles in Athens are running blind.
This is your executive state.
 There is no signalling system on the suburban railway, "Dukissis Plakentias - Airport" line either.
 And with all of this we've become an international embarrassment.
 The BBC writes: "this tragedy cannot be the fault of just one person".
 The Prime Minister, of course, says otherwise...
 NEW YORK TIMES writes: "The Greek government was supposed to install a security system 3 years ago, designed to prevent clashes like the one that killed 57 people.".
 The Director of French Railways said: "A railway without a remote control system is like a car without brakes.
 We wouldn't even ask for a license.
».
But you have no love for our children.
 All the children you didn't send abroad got on the train to go to college.
 The survivors went to the Constitution to protest against what you murdered.
 And the ones who came down to the Constitution you beat up.
 That's who you are.
And no you are not thieves.
 The thief takes something you have and you can get it back.
 You, on the other hand, grab everything we can never get back: Life, pride, dignity, survival.
 You are killing children's dreams and future.
 You are killing our own children.
 You are shaking the future of the country.
 And instead of resigning, the prime minister comes out and apologizes.
 And so.
 Apology comes as a result of indifference.
 The people cannot force you to care about them, but they can force you to wish you had cared.
 We'll take you all the way.
 .
