Speech by Dimitris Koutsoumbas, General Secretary of the KKE KKE, at the KKE KKE conference on: "The positions of the KKE on rail transport" From the platform of today's conference, we want to salute the thousands of young people and young workers who, with their great, shocking mobilizations, thwarted the plan of the ruling class to cover with a veil of silence the timeless culprits and the causes of the predetermined crime in Tempe.
 	We want to pledge to the relatives of the victims of this great tragedy that we will continue to move forward in the struggle to stop the sacrifice of human life on the altar of capitalist profit.
 To open the road to reversal.
 Friends and friends, For a month now, the government and the parties of the system have continued their provocative attempt to cover up the real culprits and the causes of the crime.
 The government and SYRIZA, continue to provoke, with the miserable ping-pong about the responsibility rates of the current and the previous government.
 Ministers continue to promote the outrageous narrative that everything is the stationmaster's fault.
 SYRIZA and PASOK executives claim that the deep examination of the issue leads to a diffusion of responsibility and that the only responsible party is the Mitsotakis government.
 They call on us to exonerate the rest of the guilty so that their obvious, timeless responsibilities, which life itself dramatically highlights, do not spread.
 Even though the repeated complaints warning of the risk of a major accident in rail transport have come to light.
 The repeated complaints of the KKE in the Parliament, the announcements of PAME trade unionists, the out-of-court notices of unions are well known and we do not need to repeat them.
 	What if the tragic deficiencies in personnel, infrastructure, the necessary training, the organization and the effective implementation of regulations, the necessary coordination of those responsible, the operation of a telecommand and light signaling system... The parties and the parrots of the system, continue the serial of mockery and distortion of the truth.
 	And what have we not heard all these days.
	That "these things only happen in backward Greece and not in Europe".
 That "the situation was very good until the current government took over" and vice versa, that "the only positive steps were taken by the government of the Southwest".
 As if they don't know about the previous accidents, such as the one in Andendros in Thessaloniki in 2017 and their findings, the constant breakdowns, the major problems and delays over the years.
 As if nothing has been heard about the organizational measures and technological means that could prevent and limit the consequences of any human error and which were lacking.
 As if they have not read the reports of the European Union, where only in 2021, in one year, 1.
339 major rail accidents with 683 fatalities, 97 of which involved train collisions... They continue to bombard us with all manner of cover-ups of the truth:  That a 'bad privatisation' with unreliable investors has taken place, that 'proper implementation of EU policy' will save us, or some general and abstract 're-nationalisation'.
 Talk about the cigarette case for the root of the problem.
 Talk about the current system, where transport, energy, communications, communications, health, the same labour force, are commodities.
 Talk about what the business of rail transport for capitalist profit means in practice for the lives, safety and income of workers and passengers.
 Talk about the negative consequences for the people of the implementation of the liberalisation policy in the European Union and in Britain, with all the variations of privatisation and nationalisation in previous years.
 	The truth is that across the EU, across the capitalist world, transport has the same "pathologies".
 Transport made inaccessible to the people, with constant discounts on safety, with a network that is developed only where it is in the interests of capital.
 The reason is simple.
 Capitalist relations of production, the profit motive, shape the reality of transport.
 	The form of the transport business changes according to the strategic interests of capital.
 They used to be state-owned.
 Today, the so-called liberalisation of rail transport is the commonplace that promotes further commercialisation, and makes transport even more expensive and, as has tragically proved, dangerous for the people.
 In recent decades, throughout the capitalist world, there has been a trend towards the gradual dismantling of the state monopolies, the so-called "liberalisation" and privatisation of the state-owned enterprises operating in these sectors.
 Why it happens.
 It reflects the swelling of over-accumulated capital, which cannot find a profitable outlet.
 	In these circumstances, EU policy is trying to secure new areas of investment activity for the monopoly groups.
 The development of the relevant European policy was not a one-off project.
 It was done in parts over fifteen years, by many different governments of all "colours", a development that in itself shatters any rhetoric of "neoliberal glory" exclusively.
 The EU has played an organic role in freight and rail transport.
 Liberalisation was driven by a long chain of European directives and railway policy packages, which aimed at the gradual separation of infrastructure and use and the gradual removal of all barriers to the implementation of the single railway market.
 	Contrary to the permanent literature, coming mainly from PASOK/KINAL and SYRIZA executives, who try to sanctify the EU policy.
 They refer to the liberalisation of the railways and their subsequent privatisation as a Greek originality, at a time when this policy is followed throughout the European Union.
 Initially, Directive 440 of 1991 was promoted, which referred to the accounting separation between infrastructure and operation.
 separation, which crystallizes, at a primitive level, the basic aim of the policy of liberalization.
 	The next essential step in promoting liberalisation was a set of European directives that built on and extended Directive 440/91.
 These are Directives 12/2001, 13/2001 and 14/2001 which were condensed and became known as the EU's first railway package.
 This is followed by a second set of directives, Directives 49/2004, 50/2004 and 51/2004, known as the European Commission's second railway package, which introduces full liberalisation of all rail freight transport in the EU from the beginning of 2007.
 It is thus a milestone in the history of rail liberalisation in the EU, at least for freight transport.
 Next step, the third railway package of 2007.
 It introduces the liberalisation of international passenger transport from 2010.
 The culmination of all this, most recently came the 2012 directive on the "creation of a single European railway area", which essentially unifies the previous directives.
	In our country, the long-standing policy for the liberalisation of railways in Greece follows the corresponding policy of the EU, the main aim of which is to create a single market for railway activities, in which the monopolistic groups of the EU can invest without any hindrance.
  	However, the creation of a single rail market required the separation of transport operations from the rail infrastructure.
 This is the key element of the European liberalisation policy: the separation of rail infrastructure from transport work.
 This is the only way to ensure that the infrastructure can be used by other companies, the only way to pave the way for the penetration of groups into rail transport.
 The consequences of this policy are, as is constantly being demonstrated, tragic for the working people.
Liberalisation has two main, complementary axes, separation and full commercialisation.
 Segregation means that many different firms compete and operate on the same network.
 The "mess" of understanding between OSE, and Hellenic Train did not succeed.
 It worked.
 It is the inevitable result of the very policy of rail liberalisation.
		Most importantly, the guilt of the policy of liberation lies elsewhere.
 Its aim, as we have mentioned before, is none other than the exploitation of rail transport as a profitable field for capital investment.
 And here lies the core of the problem.
 Profit-driven business operation means increasing prices and constantly squeezing so-called "costs".
 It means reducing maintenance "to the absolute minimum", reducing staff, reducing their training.
 It means limiting investment in security, because it reduces the so-called "costs".
 And no matter how much the various apologists of capitalism try to attribute this situation to a Greek peculiarity, they cannot hide the fact that the jungle of the capitalist market is the ultimate culprit.
 The iron laws of the capitalist market have this content, regardless of whether the owner of such an enterprise is a private individual or the state.
 	The State-owned enterprise evaluates its productivity in comparison with the rest of the industry, using private-economic criteria.
 It is exposed to capitalist competition, chasing "positive" economic results, using, as a matter of law, the same methods as private individuals.
 	The result, throughout Europe, was and is negative for the people, increases in ticket prices, limitation of routes, increase in the frequency of accidents, "destructive" exploitation of the network infrastructure, "battle" of construction groups for contractors, great acceleration of the concentration of the "railway pie" in a handful of monopolies, at a pan-European level.
  It is worth mentioning that in Great Britain, where the liberalisation of rail transport has already taken place since 1970, the real cost (deflated) of rail travel, from 1997 to 2009, increased by more than 20%.
 	Similarly, in Germany, in the same period, the increase in real costs exceeds 15%, and in the Netherlands more than 10%, to name just a few typical examples.
 It is worth noting that in the major EU economies all forms of ownership, state, private and mixed, have been tried, coexisting, without any substantial improvement for the people.
 The real culprit behind the accident in Tempe, behind the devaluation of a network and the conversion of the railways into an Athens - Thessaloniki line, which they defined as barren, is the EU's own rail policy.
 All governments to date have implemented this policy to the hilt.
 	The promotion of EU policy has been gradual.
  The first act of the drama was carried out in 1997 by the PASOK government, which proceeded to adapt national legislation to the Community legislation, introducing into national law European Directives 91/440, 95/18 and 95/19.
 A year later, Law 2671/1998 on OSE, implemented the national legislation and proceeded to the internal restructuring of OSE, implementing the accounting separation of infrastructure and operation, paving the way for the continuation of the.
 This was followed in 2005, by the government of the New Democracy (ND), by which the harmonisation of Greek legislation with the first EU railway package was implemented.
 In the same year, the first major restructuring of OSE's corporate structure is implemented.
 The company TRAINOSE is created, as a merger of PROSTIACOS A.
Ε.
 (an existing subsidiary of OSE) and the remaining activities of OSE in the provision of railway services.
 Initially, TRAINOSE remains a subsidiary of the OSE Group.
 Finally, in 2008, TRAINOSE becomes independent from OSE.
 Finally, the independence of TRAINOSE is completed with the latest legislation of the PASOK government, which annuls the last remaining link between the two companies, giving the rolling stock of OSE to the ownership of TRAINOSE and replacing the hitherto existing system of renting the rolling stock from TRAINOSE.
	The next act of the drama was the 2010 PASOK law on railways, which was the last link in a long chain of reforms that as a whole constitute the liberalisation of rail transport.
 This law implements the completion of the separation of OSE and TRAINOSE, the separation of infrastructure and operation, and provides for an extensive operational restructuring of the railway undertakings.
 The government of SYRIZA, then, was the one that proceeded with the sale of TRAINOSE to Italian Railways, while then, during the government of the Southwest, the process of absorption of the rolling stock maintenance company from TRAINOSE was completed.
Friends The liberalisation of rail transport is literally a recipe for increased risk, for railway workers and passengers alike.
 In a system of great complexity, high sensitivity and many risks, many different firms are active, each of which, aiming for the greatest possible profit, aims to pass on the costs to the others.
 It aims to increase its profit margins as much as possible.
 Here we have to take into account the competition from groups that have invested in major roads and an upgrade of rail transport can have a negative impact on their profitability.
 All the parameters concerning the prevention and mitigation of the consequences of major accidents are put on the cost-benefit scale for each group and for the capital state.
 Decisions are made on the basis of capitalist profitability: On the number of recruitments, the pace and hours of work, the level of wages and the effective training of workers.
 Based on the commitments and guidelines of the EU, and the strategy of capital, the bourgeois state chooses which investments to prioritise and how much money to allocate.
 So there are no surplus funds in Greece for the maintenance and guarding of the lines, the equipment and railway material, for the effective control of the operation of the railways, while there are generous funds for the Sea2Sea project, the railway interconnection of the ports of Northern Greece, Bulgaria and Romania.
 	The most prominent example is the appalling delay in the operation of the telecommand system, which is one of the factors in preventing and limiting the consequences of any human error in handling.
  This is the now infamous contract 717/2014 that has not yet been completed, 8.5 years after its award, under the responsibility of the SYRIZA and ND governments.
 Governments, which proved to be very capable of implementing many profitable investment projects of the conglomerates with fast-track procedures, but here they moved at a turtle's pace, with delays and freezing of procedures due to foreseeable problems in most of the corresponding public projects.
 Unfortunately, this is not the only shortage, the only delay.
 Negative trend in all critical parameters concerning transport safety.
 The understaffing and underperformance of the competent state authorities for the railways is another example.
 	Of course, every bourgeois party tries to cover up its complicity in the timeless crime.
 SYRIZA continues to talk about the safety nets that existed until 2019 and were abolished by the Mitsotakis government and promotes as a salutary solution "the use of the Recovery Fund to rebuild a public transport network and renegotiate contracts".
 The president of PASOK speaks openly about a return to the public sector, consolidation, and then privatisation with new conditions.
 Varoufakis explained in his earlier interviews that he was in favour of private entry into OSE, because the Greek state did not have the capacity for investment... And in more recent ones, that he disagreed with the choice of the Italian company because it could not invest either... He needed, in other words, a different kind of successful privatisation.
 None of them question the basic framework of EU commercialisation and liberalisation.
 The tragedy of 2023 is therefore the essential result of the EU - Greek bourgeoisie policy on rail transport - freight, which all bourgeois governments have been implementing, with miraculous precision, throughout the previous period.
 That is why the views on the supposed Greek specificity, or on the neoliberal dissonance of Greek railways against the "European reality" that is friendly to trains, simply lack seriousness.
  What all of the above proves.
 They prove that as long as we move on the rails of capitalist profit and the state hostile to the people, there is no lesser evil.
 We're going from bad to worse.
 This is the unpopular direction defined by the EU's policy of "liberalisation" and the strategy of capital, which is currently agreed upon by the New Democracy, SYRIZA, PASOK, MERA25, all the parties of the system.
 That is why there is no room for any more illusions.
 No one should be trapped again by the offer of phony salvation solutions, by a supposedly "more progressive government" the next day.
 We will not be saved by a better privatisation, a supposedly stricter public control, nor by a "re-nationalisation without compensation".
 As long as transport is a commodity and the railway companies operate within the capitalist economy, the situation cannot change radically, essentially.
 	Even if the transport enterprises are owned by the capitalist state, they will operate for profit and in the strategic interests of the ruling class.
 They will squeeze their workers, they will waste passengers, they will take security measures only on the basis of cost-benefit ratio for the company and the state.
 Their very monopolistic nature says that if they don't do this, they will become loss-making, they will be damaging to working taxpayers and they will not be able to implement necessary projects.
Even if we were to return to the era of the state monopoly, it would borrow, purchase equipment and contract out projects to groups, according to the laws of the capitalist market.
 The new projects and the development of the railways would again be carried out according to the priorities and objectives of the ruling social class.
 This proposal, which promises supposedly pro-people's management of transport under capitalism, not only fails to illuminate, but obscures the need to open the road to reversal.
 Not only does it not help, but it undermines the concentration of forces against the real opponent, capital and its state.
 The social character of rail transport is not possible if the construction of the works, the production of lines and rolling stock, the energy industry, and the construction of the works are not social in nature.
 The social character of rail transport is not possible if its "competitors", air, sea and road transport, do not have a social character.
	That is why the KKE is not fighting the battle against the policy of liberalisation and commercialisation, under the banner of yesterday, of the return to the state monopoly of the dictatorship of capital, but under the banner of their socialisation, with the working class, the people at the helm of power.
Universal, safe, safe, quality and cheap transport and public transport for the people can only be guaranteed by the new social system, socialism.
 On the ground of social property, transport ceases to be a commodity and is enshrined as a social right.
 For in this higher organisation of society, the purpose of production and the role of the workers are changed.
 The aim is no longer profit, but the combined satisfaction of all the needs of the people, which are expanding.
 And employees play an active role in making and controlling decisions every day.
 This is why the single scientific central planning of production and the economy in general can be implemented in this way.
 Only in this framework, the unified state transport body will be able to plan, develop and implement an integrated system of combined transport, based on the expanded satisfaction of all working people's needs.
	First and foremost, the possibility of a unified nationwide planning of the economy, based on the needs of the working people, will be directly reflected in the planning and priorities of the transport networks.
 This is the only way to put an effective end to the current reality of the development and exploitation of transport networks according to the needs of one or the other part of capital at the expense of society.
	The social ownership of land and the criterion of balanced development can allow the location of all the necessary technical infrastructure works: from the appropriate lines, maintenance facilities and stations, according to scientific criteria and not on the basis of contradictions or the increase in profit of one or the other.
 	The central planning of the economy, on the basis of social ownership of the concentrated means of production, will give priority to mass fixed-track transport for the continental part of the country.
	Transport planning will be based on the interconnected and complementary action of all modes of transport.
 Aiming at fast and cheap movement of people and goods, energy saving and environmental protection, planned development to eliminate regional asymmetry, full control of the defence and security of a truly workers-people's state.
  	The elimination of competition between groups will allow the best way and the best transport mix to be calculated each time.
 When designing and implementing an infrastructure project, future social needs and potential will be taken into account, all measures for overall savings will be taken.
 	This enormous potential of the Socialist system is one of the aspects of its superiority over the capitalist system.
 	For an example of what a capitalist system means, we need only cite a typical example: Listen to this: a bridge worth billions was built, to which no railway infrastructure was added, which would have cost only 5% more.
 Not because of a mistake - watch out - but because the group that manages the bridge wanted to "torpedo" competition with other road transport groups in perpetuity.
The necessary construction projects, large and small scale, to be implemented and planned in cooperation with the single state construction agency.
 This is our proposal.
 Thus achieving maximum economy of human and other resources, minimising costs and impact on the natural environment, sharing infrastructure.
 In absolute contrast to the current, literally murderous reality, where the competition between groups for the implementation of projects even leads to the halting of projects that could play a catalytic role in security.
 The development of the railways, from rails to wagons, engines and control and telecommand systems, will rely on the productive capacities of manufacturing, especially heavy industry.
 And at the same time, they will contribute to the development of new technical solutions and new production capabilities.
 The dialectical development of the transport industry and the transport and metal production industry, within the framework of the scientific central plan and labour control, leads at the same time to a minimisation of social costs and at the same time to an increase in the productive potential of the respective industry.
 The metal industry, will produce rails and metals for rolling stock.
 The transport industry will produce wagons.
 The electronics industry will produce remote management systems.
 And all this, with the aim of achieving maximum social savings.
 The anarchy of the capitalist market, the different interests of each section of capital, is unable both to design and to work out such a solution, which is the only one that can come much closer to the socially optimal.
		Transport can only function as a whole with this character, only with the parallel domination of social property, central planning and workers' control over the whole of the centralised means of production.
A prerequisite for the realisation of transport development objectives is the planning of the relevant infrastructure - ports, airports, railway stations, roads - and the transport industry.
 The same applies to telecommunications, the processing of raw materials, the industrial manufacturing sectors, particularly in the production of machinery.
	The scientific central planning and the criterion of satisfying the needs of the people translates into absolute priority in safety measures, for the staff and for the passengers transported.
 The system in which the KKE will be present in power, in governance, does not value human lives in euros.
 Labour governance implements all the necessary measures, intrinsic safety measures, staff training measures, technical measures and solutions to ensure the minimisation of accidents, based on the capabilities of our time.
  	Several people wonder if all this can be done.
 The study of the historical experience of the first attempt at socialist construction in the previous century, with great limitations, of course, compared to the present level of development of the relevant technology and infrastructure, helps us to answer.
 For example, the achievements concerning the restoration of the damaged railway lines from the First World War and the civil war, the conversion of the main lines to electrification, the development of new types of traction engines and communication systems, the rapid development of the network before the second five-year plan of central planning in the then Soviet Union was completed, are not even questioned by serious bourgeois analysts.
 	The serious effort to upgrade transport safety also.
 This obviously does not mean that there were no accidents, breakdowns, handling errors and material failures in the Soviet Union or in other countries.
 Particularly in the first years of socialist construction and in the last decades of their existence, under the negative influence of the prevalence of "socialism with market" and other mistakes and weaknesses, which finally opened the way to the victory of the counter-revolution, marking a major setback.
 However, its superiority over capitalism is reflected in the frequency and severity of accidents, in relation to the length and number of railway lines and the volume of transport work.
  		There is the counterargument of possible "withholding of evidence".
 Could many large-scale accidents on the trans-Siberian railway that crosses 1/3 of the planet be concealed?
	One does not need special theoretical and historical knowledge to understand the superiority for the protection of health and safety of a higher organisation of society that plans uniformly for all social needs, compared to capitalism.
	This solution, with the study of historical experience, which ensures modern and safe transport for the people, is illuminated by the KKE in its subversive power-governance programme.
	Of course we do not passively wait for some time in the future when it will be implemented.
 Every day we are in front of the struggles that pave the way for a revolution.
 We are ahead in the struggles against the dangerous liberalisation policy of the EU.
 We are ahead in the struggles for immediate recruitment of permanent staff now, for substantial training of workers, for substantial increases with 35-hour - 5-days - 7-hour, for the maintenance and modernization of technological equipment and infrastructure, for the operation of an integrated transport safety system.
	We call on all of you to join with the KKE to organize the great popular counter-offensive against the real opponent of the Greek people and youth, the ruling class, its state, the governments and the parties that serve it.
 To convict all political accomplices for the crime of Tempi, all accomplices for the theft of our income, the levelling of our rights, the constant crimes concerning our health and safety.
 To condemn those who ruled and are ruling the country and to strengthen the KKE, the only real popular opposition.
	To gain the life we deserve we must lose capital.
 There is no other way out than the path of subversion.
 And we can open this road quickly if we believe in our own power.
 That is why the KKE must be strengthened now.
 Strong KKE everywhere and at the ballot box on 21 May.
 	The stronger the KKE, the stronger the people the next day.
 ATHENS 01/04/2023 THE PRESS OFFICE OF THE KEKE CE.
