I am very happy that it is a rainy day here today, but your presence signals that the twenty-first of May is not a sunny day for our country.
 Honey all day long for our country after 4 years of patience comes the time to say enough is enough, with injustice enough, with obscenity as much as pet degradation of rights as much as here, with a booty state that they have transformed as much as here with the degradation of our lives.
 I'm in a region that has been experiencing injustice for years.
 West Attica is the backyard of Attica.
 And especially Elefsina, an area with very important productive potential, has suffered for years the injustice, but also the.
 The environmental degradation and I know that we were here in 2017 to set the terms of a development plan for your region and your sales with the regional conference.
 Unfortunately, from 2019 until today, nothing has been implemented from what was planned and I am here today, apart from what I will tell you about the central political scene, to say that for us justice means that there are no second-class cities or regions.
 For us justice.
 Of the fatherland would have done the same and.
 I know that today I am addressing people of toil and work.
 The traditions of the labour movement are very important here in the region and I want to address especially today to the workers but also to what is called the middle class and pensioners I see many here so I want to say that the biggest deception that was done by the government of the New Democracy was the deception of the middle class and pensioners.
 And the greatest degradation was that done to the worker with the jungle labor laws that effectively abolished labor laws.
 They introduced the eight-hour period, introduced unpaid overtime, dismantled the labour inspection body.
 Today every worker and especially young people feel that they are facing the impunity of the employers and this must change and they can change our country.
 It is a question of political will, but also as far as the so-called middle class is concerned.
 Remember what the promises were in 2019 and what has happened that this middle class is now living with coupons at the supermarket, gasoline, electricity everywhere.
 This is not the Greece we deserve.
 Our pensioners were told that we would keep the thirteenth pension that we had established in 19 that for 800.
000 pensioners were whole and they said crumbs were committed.
 They will keep it as soon as they were elected, they abolished it, I didn't keep it for 4 years, 4 billion euros were taken away from pensioners if you include the retroactive payments that I promised to give and they didn't give 7 billion euros, they took away from pensioners.
 This was the great deception.
 To the middle class and pensioners.
 And what was the plan of the Mitsotakis government.
 The plan was a great redistribution of wealth from the many to the few from the middle class, to the powerful and how is this great redistribution of wealth achieved through the maintenance of high indirect taxation, mainly VAT and excise tax, when inflation has gone up to 10 to 15%?
 So what do we do?
 I'll tell you In simple words.
 They are plundering the citizens, the middle class and the weak who, in the supermarket at the petrol stations, wherever you go, wherever you go to pay and you see prices twice and three times higher than what you saw a year and a half ago.
 According to the official Eurostat figures of 750 € income, they have lost their purchasing power by 40% in a year and a half.
 Does this mean that a salary a year and a half ago had 40% more potential to buy things.
 But today the month does not come out.
 The third week the income does not come out.
 Today one with 2 times in the supermarket and 2 fillings at the gas pump sonnet salary.
 This is the reality that the greats are experiencing today.
 The large social majority and who benefits from it.
 Revenue, public revenue from VAT increased by €4 billion in 2022.
 Where do these 4 billion euros go, they go to subsidies targeted to those who keep the prices of electricity, gasoline, supermarket, so the money that the state gets from the high VAT in supermarkets, gas stations and electricity bills, goes back to the same people, who in the same businesses, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people.
 Anyone making billions of euros from this system.
 This great fraud, this is the great redistribution and now comes the second great redistribution of wealth through the auctions of the first home with the new bankruptcy law passed by Mr Mitsotakis.
 The new democracy that has every first home protection and we put people's houses under the hammer for a few thousand euros and not a party that owes 400 million euros to the banks, stood and agyri those who.
 Bone in the cabinet 12 million euros.
 The same ministers in debt borrowed and unpaid.
 This is the injustice that we live today and this injustice must be broken by hunger and friends.
 I'm in a working class area.
 And so I remember a friend, I have the honor of being a friend.
 Great Latin American leader who started out as a worker and trade unionist, Ignacio Lula da Silva, President Night next time and.
 The phrase.
 It's better to be governed by a left that does what it can than a right that does what it wants and I think.
 I think this phrase all of the things in our country.
 We governed in the most difficult conditions the country has known since the post-independence period and then a bankrupt country.
 And we did everything we could to get the country out of the mire, to get it out of debt, to give it a perspective.
 We could and they did.
 We took the country out of the memoranda, we left 37 billion in the public coffers, we regulated the public debt and then came a right-wing that wanted to do what it wanted in complete impunity, in complete impunity, in arrogance.
 Having a sense of uncontrollability that no one is controlling them and no one will control them and what they did, they violated everything.
 Every democratic rule, even the rules of the Constitution that half of the political system watched from inside the Maximou mansion, Ministers, Chiefs of Armed Forces, party leaders, MPs, MEPs, they believed and believe, they continue to believe that this state belongs to them, that it is a hereditary right, that Greece and even the reign of family rule everywhere made the state a spoil.
 You increased, doubled the number of temporary employees and gave them a 30% increase in their salaries to accommodate their own children tripled the number of managerial positions in public utilities to accommodate their own blue golden boys and privatized everything they could give 10 billion in direct awards and closed tenders to their own people.
 Companies that were being set up 3 days before the tenders were created 3 days before to give the assignments with emergency legislation, taking advantage of the pandemic.
 As an opportunity.
 But at the same time they left the public hospitals at their mercy.
 We don't deserve this image in public hospitals, in our country, that's why we were the country.
 Unfortunately the European country with the most deaths in population ratio in the western world.
 At the same time they left this promiscuity that I told you about in income, plunder, the distribution of wealth, to let the prices go to God.
 It is not possible for small Greece to be the country with the most expensive petrol in Europe.
 It is not possible for Greece.
 It is the country with the most expensive electricity price in relation to purchasing power.
 It is not possible for Greece to be the country with the most expensive supermarket prices.
 Greece, which has the lowest per capita income after Bulgaria, so we are the country with the lowest wages and the highest prices.
 I was telling us that accuracy is the sava.
 Indeed it is obscenity, but it is not imported obscenity has the signature of Mr. Mitsotakis and.
 Glass.
 Gallery, but it is worth a country with more justice for the economy, with more justice and a state that will be next to the citizen, a state that will not be hostile, that will not fill insecurity, that will not hire party buffoons, station masters, untrained people to leave them alone without caring whether those who get on the train will reach their destination.
 So we deserve to be the irony of fate.
 I will say it but a normal European country.
 Those who were demonstrating and saying we are staying in Europe are the ones who took us miles away from Europe, we want Greece to become a normal European country again, with justice, with rules, with meritocracy, with accountability.
 So that is why we aim to support above all the forces of labour, to restore collective agreements, to re-establish the labour inspectorate so that labour legality and regularity apply, to increase the wage to 880 € from day one.
 While introducing automatic mass indexation on an annual basis, it would.
 For that means fairness to bake and in the public sector as inflation has risen in the last year 10% number of employees have not gotten raises since 2010.
 We must give the opportunity to unfreeze the three-year contracts, because it is not enough to increase the minimum wage, but we must increase salaries proportionally in all ranks; we must strengthen the national health system, because we do not deserve this image.
 There is no state that provides security for citizens with a broken national health care system and choice.
 Mitsotakis was the privatisation of the.
 As his option was now even privatising water.
 We will not allow public goods.
 Merchandise.
 Glass.
 But we say some parrots up front.
 That SYRIZA is now coming to put taxes on the citizens, we put taxes on the citizens, we found a country bankrupt and they ruled with the Troika, we took it out of the hole, we left a debt of 356 million billion euros.
 Do you know how much reached today 400 billion euros.
 We left the private debt 47 billion euros lower than it is today, increased the public debt by 44 billion euros and 40 billion euros.
 The private debt.
 Big question, where did that money go.
 Did you see yourself building any public infrastructure to support the world of work.
 Middle class We did not see We say that at this time the country has potential and we will come.
 We will come not to raise taxes, but to redress injustices, to support our working people, to declare the middle class.
 Will.
 We are restoring the protection of the first home.
 To abolish the business tax for traders, to introduce the unseizable special account, to enable small and medium-sized enterprises to.
 It can breathe great injustice.
 Today is that the banks that have huge profits and have been financed by the blood of the Greek people with 3 recapitalizations and deferred tax billions of euros of Greek taxpayers, today they are curiously showing excessive profits profits for shareholders.
 Why why text the floating rates.
 Those of you who have loans know that they have gone up 150 200 250 € the monthly instalment when all around us accuracy is plundering income, while the interest rates on deposits remain consistently low and the government is telling us I'm fighting with the bankers, you're the government.
 The model of you don't argue, you set the terms of your decision.
 For l.
 Gal.
 So we want to create the conditions for justice and that means supporting the middle class.
 Supporting the lower strata of the society, the forces of labour and at the same time creating those public structures and infrastructures that will create a sense of security and safety for Greek citizens.
 I am here in Elefsina and I know how much your place has been stigmatised, if you like, by the fact that you are.
 Area with the largest share in the gross domestic product in the secondary sector, in industry and how much it has stigmatized and your place presence here in this area of a large oil company.
 I saw once private became public, left its mark now it is private with the participation of the State I am referring to Greek oil, the environmental footprint in the region.
 You all know.
 There have been jobs, no doubt, there have been some corporate social responsibility acts in the past.
 But today, what is happening or not happening today Elefsina is a middle class working class town, people who are barely making ends meet, the income is saved in the third week of the month, we say here you can see this happening in reality literally and next door HELLENIC PETROLEUM has made a billion and a half in a year, a billion and a half in profit.
 This picture is not the only one.
 The last year of the year the average Greek will have a very hard time making 15 listed companies have made a twenty-year profit of one billion.
 Everybody this is the need to redistribute the wealth that you 11 take it out of the pockets of the many and go into profits in the stock market reinvest that money, we don't know, we would like to give incentives and tax incentives to reinvest, make them productive investments to put people to work.
 I am not sure that they are reinvesting in our country, but I wanted to say something else.
 So one issue is this great contradiction.
 Injustice gains from one side debts.
 On the other hand.
 But I believe that in the context of corporate social responsibility this company has to support society.
 And we are committed that we will claim, we will claim Greek oil.
 After a while and.
 Demand to leave an economic footprint, support to the local community for the municipality of Elefsina and the municipality of Aspropyrgos for the municipality of Mandra.
 Purchase of heating oil on an annual basis to all households and businesses.
 It will cost much less than the money that the right and left spend on a yearly basis on fake grants, sponsorships and advertisements on non-existent websites to support their governments.
 We want to support the cause, not those who speculate.
 On his back.
 So we are committed to supporting the people of labour, of work, of work, of work, of creation.
 We are committed to supporting the working class with no fear of.
 We dishonor the word working class, the working man, the middle class.
 We are committed to support Elefsina, West Attica, to stop being the backyard of Attica in Athens.
 Friends and friends we are going into a crucial electoral battle.
 21 May, the dilemmas before us I believe are clear.
 We want the country to keep sinking, to change.
 We want to be governed by a government of arrogance or responsibility.
 We want honest.
 First corruption we want democracy or family rule.
 We want justice everywhere.
 Will.
 And because.
 There's a value to this battle, you know, it's going to be a crucial battle.
 It will be given home to the home man, the man, because our opponents' strategy has been 4 years of media supremacy to create the image that everything is going well.
 We were sinking everything, it was going well, we had Moses the Greek, the problems now gone and Moses gone and Cheetahs.
 If there the campaign in those of self-gratification not going well, I know I'm going well, it's catching their strategy now.
 Not that everything is going well, that everyone is the same, it's that they can't change things.
 So this is the reality.
 No, and we're not all.
 The same is seen by our look for words.
 For white to all citizens of the broader progressive arc that we can have.
 differences or in any case not being absolutely sure that SYRIZA have reservations towards, our.
 I want to talk to them and tell them this, on May 22 we can and must have.
 We have the right to have for the first time in the country's history a government of cooperation of all progressive forces.
 All the.
 Labour.
 They can be much more stable if they are governments on a programmatic basis of like parties, much more stable than governments of arrogance and self-reliance.
 They bankrupted us.
 But there is a precondition for us to have on May 22nd such a long-lasting government, stable on a progressive programmatic basis.
 The precondition is the victory of SYRIZA in the elections of 20.
 Polished and treacherous government I will say it in a catchphrase house 4 things means wage increase, price reduction, debt regulation and a fair safe and efficient state next to the citizen these 4 things I would like to call on you all to give this battle.
 Victory is huge.
 The Greek women and Greeks deserve this victory, we deserve a better Greece and we will achieve it well.
 Thank you.
 Glass.
 Hello.
