Once upon a time in the future the old men will say about today.
 It was a tortured state, mourning 57 dead and God knows how many traumatized souls.
 How many crippled bodies.
 Many are the sufferings of the land.
 Electricity being brought to its knees to the people due to the devaluation of breaking and privatization of public electricity infrastructure.
 The new austerity, precision for the many with evictions and auctions with super profits for the supermarkets, because of the new austerity of precision with super profits for the bankers who despite their super profits.
 They demand, in order to prevent their banks from sinking, a continuous life preserver from the state, from a state that at the same time is sinking in debt.
 Tightly embraced by a private sector that together public and private we have 8 and a half percent of GDP current account deficit.
 In other words we are within every year time nation, eight and a half percent of GDP.
 In a Europe all this just decided at the Eurogroup to tighten again.
 The straps of austerity that were sent here in our country.
 Up to one million young children abroad.
 A problem not only had.
 This tortured state.
 The water.
 Our water public.
 Cheap.
 Net.
 Without damage, with a small profit for EYDAP, EYDATH so as not to need money these anyway empty state funds, but also not to strip citizens through the water bills.
 And what is our long-serving prime minister of this tortured state doing today.
 It gives you ministers and you MPs and councilors of the New Democracy an order to fix the water to solve the only problem that has no country, he says.
 My dear, dear, dear Prime Minister.
 There is no problem with water that there is not, replies the Prime Minister.
 The absence of a problem.
 With the water.
 It's a problem for this government that it can doodle.
 Mitsotakis A E to tolerate A E, a public company, to tolerate the water to remain public without a problem.
 It overturns ANYTHING in the narrative that private is always better than public.
 Citizens are wondering, but didn't this narrative just collapse in Tempe?
 It did not collapse with the privatization of the PPC with the energy exchange with Hercules.
 Government's response even more compelling reason to commercialize water, so it is in the difficult time seem the lads of the oligarchy.
 Where all the people out there.
 Young people on the streets.
 They turn against the id Tiko mania that challenge the oligarchs.
 The CEO of Mitsotakis S.A. who manages the site on behalf of the owners of this country.
 It privatizes the good that no sane person even a neoliberal can be.
 He sees no reason to privatise.
 So it is a government of the meritocracy, it has the courage to sacrifice the few good things left standing in this place to keep alive the ideology that yields.
 The dirty profits, the big ones to its shareholders.
 Mitsotakis S.A.
 Today, ladies and gentlemen of the government.
 They ask you to close your eyes.
 Seal your ears, hold your nose so you don't smell the foul stench of this bill being passed.
 They tell you so much work.
 We did to commercialize water.
 We should give it to the people of the day and give them electricity, health and education, so that all this effort is wasted just because we had 57 dead in Tempe and the climate has changed.
 Your efforts are truly moving.
 And impressively.
 Timeless.
 In July 2022.
 Let's go to February 22.
 The Council of State with a decision brakes the privatization by securing public control over water and demanding the return of the shares of EYDAP EYDATH.
 Back to the public.
 I hope that at some point you will apologize to the Treasury for the damage you have done.
 You SYRIZA members who put their shares in the Yperta Fund.
 And what did the government do.
 How she demonstrated her respect for justice in the Council of State by annulling the.
 July 2022, you annulled the decision of the.
 With a law of the Ministry of Environment the majority package of shares, EYDATH EYDAP interferes with the fund and is neither returned nor granted against the Parliament and the judgment of the Council of State.
 At the same time, Mitsotakis S.A. initiates the delivery to private parties of the external external water supply system of Attica.
 A 291 million budget project.
 Essentially the water supply.
 The whole of Athens.
 And what it does.
 Precludes EYDAP from striking this project.
 I've seen this play somewhere before.
 For the older ones, you remember the Mitsotakis government of Father Mitsotakis when it shut down the then state-owned.
 Ote.
 From striking a contract for mobile telephony and handing it over to Mr Kokkalis' panafon and the Italian T e l e s t e.
 So does Mitsotakis scandalously excludes the public H I D A P.
 From this great project until privatization and will let them say to say to get back in as they did with OTE after its privatization with the cosmote.
 Today for this project we have in the final stage 2 consortia actor elector on one side.
 Terna Indracat on the other hand to the pimps, in other words.
 And yet in this last December.
 December 22 yes, no from the Council of State blocking government plans.
 And for the commercial pricing of water with a Council of State that once again fortunately stood upright.
 And he insisted again on public control of water.
 And now.
 Mitsotakis A Once again you give your change by expanding the energy regulator to become a regulator for water and sanitation.
 Always the first step before break-up and privatisation.
 This is a regulatory authority.
 What do you think?
 Of course I heard you say that it is not privatisation, as you had the audacity to tell us the other day that the concession of the children's hospitals to Mrs Marianna Vardinoyannis was not public privatisation and that is what you say.
 The regulatory authority will simply supervise, it will be the arbiter of the benefits that will remain public you are not telling us.
 Leave it to rot to put in a public regulator.
 To regulate the public is as stupid as having a referee when you play solitaire alone that's what you're doing, but you're not stupid you're four-faced you're.
 Agents of the predators who want our water just before you fall from power.
 This is you.
 Because we know you.
 And we know you don't even have original ideas.
 What you are doing is following a model that has come to you from the outside through the law firms of Terna of Peristeri, of one another by the well-known pimps whom you serve and to whom you belong in body and soul.
 We know what they want.
 The break.
 A semi-privatized EYDAP EYDATH in 2 pieces, in the private equity model and that's what they will do.
 They will create 2 companies, one will have the infrastructure and no employees, the other will have employees and no infrastructure.
 The company with the infrastructure will be made to borrow huge amounts of money from foreign funds, which they will put in their pockets and then they will make the company that has no infrastructure but has employees pay rent.
 In the company that has infrastructure and has no employees and then you'll go to the employees and say, you have to reduce your wages because we have a lot of rent to pay in the company that has infrastructure and has no employees.
 This is what happened in Britain.
 This happens every time water is privatised.
 It's a lot of money to be eaten up by charging loans to infrastructure companies that will essentially be privatized.
 Ladies and Gentlemen.
 It is believed that out there the climate has changed.
 That finally, the hegemony of private mania that her bread and your bread is measured.
 But you have letters, you must redeem them before this parliamentary term is over.
 We on day 25 are clear.
 Neither the minister.
 Neither oligarch should have in their hands public goods, public, single network, be it water, electricity or trains with social accountability, not only to an appointed authority, but to consultative councils of elected citizens and elected officials.
 Friends of SYRIZA.
 Your DNA.
 It tells you that we are right in what we say.
 What I have just said I am sure speaks to your soul in your Ooi.
 Unfortunately your leadership while you were in government after the capitulation of July 15.
 Your leadership has given land and water to the Greek trains, airports and other things to the oligarchs while you were in government, but even today.
 Despite the outcry of the oligarchs from the people outside, especially the youth.
 You continue to push the oligarchs, promising them that you will not re-privatise the trains.
 You will not abolish the energy exchange all that you did, that is, in your four years you will not abolish Hercules.
 All those false market abominations that make our country a serfdom today.
 Today tomorrow you will vote against this plan or you will be shut down again and locked up in your foolish tactic of not voting.
 You submit anti-constitutionality proposals here and you do not vote.
 Admit here the foolishness of your leadership and that vote no on this bill will be demanded by the workers tomorrow and it is not bad to say that you made a mistake in the wrong tactics.
 Ladies and gentlemen, Mr President.
 This House.
 It no longer reflects public opinion, it is time to disband and hold elections.
 Yesterday.
 the day 25.
 We will come back to the Parliament strengthened to overturn your post-electoral oligarchic show.
 I promise you that if this four years we are a nuisance.
 Next day there'll be more of us in here.
 And so that the citizens can sleep.
 More lighthearted evenings we in here will become a real nightmare for you and for the oligarchies to which you belong.
 Thank you.
 .
