Young Democrats of Egaleo and West Athens, thank you for this impressive reception. I return the joy, emotion and enthusiasm that your presence here today indicates.

A big thank you to our youth, a warm round of applause for the young people of New Democracy and for the many "timeless" Onnedites who are among us. Our first major pre-election rally in Attica could not have taken place anywhere else but here, in Egaleo, in my constituency.

I met some old friends on the way in. They may remember that I made my first political appearance here in Egaleo exactly 20 years ago, in April 2003. Since then you have surrounded me with your trust. I thank you from the bottom of my heart.

From the Western Sector, then, and from its seven municipalities, I start our struggle - municipalities which I know very well, I have walked them for 20 years, Agia Varvara, Agioi Anargyros, Kamatero, Egaleo, Ilion, Peristeri, Petroupoli, Haidari - so that this area becomes the starting point of our victorious journey.

The one that on May 21 will bring what the whole country is expecting, a self-reliant Greece and a self-reliant New Democracy. To finally close the door to yesterday and open it wide to the future. All Greece will be blue on May 21.

I see, friends, that perhaps we should have chosen another venue, the indoor stadium in the city does not fit us all. However, it sends a strong message that West Athens will also become blue, just as our whole country will be dressed in blue from end to end.

I see it, friends, in your faces, I hear it in your voices, in all that is happening, and my own strength, we are here to unite all Greeks and I will insist on it to the end.

These were the exact words I used four years ago, heading into the 2019 elections. Along with a commitment that we would cut taxes, support income and grow jobs in a country that would be shielded and modernized.

Well, I wouldn't change a word of those words. On the contrary, I am here to assure you that our motto is now a tangible reality: we said it and we did it.

Let us recall, friends, what we said. In 2019, we said we would cut taxes for everyone. Today, Greeks are exempt from fifty taxes and contributions. All of you are paying 35% lower ENFIA, more than the 30% I promised you.

The tax rate on individuals fell from 22% to 9%. The corporate rate for all businesses, small and medium-sized businesses, here in the region, dropped from 29% to 22%. The solidarity levy and the parental benefit tax were finally abolished.

At the same time, the new investments have created more than 300,000 new jobs. We reduced unemployment by six points.

Seventeen SYRIZA cuts replaced increases - I see among us many friends I have known for many years, many of you are pensioners - 1.6 million of our fellow citizens saw the first pension increases in 12 years, almost 8%. And those who were wronged by the Katrougalos personal differential were boosted by EUR 200-300 and I pledge that they will continue to be supported until the Katrougalos personal differential is finally erased.

And not only. The basic salary, where did we receive it? At 650 euros. Where is it today? At 780 euros, 20% increase.

Our exports are setting a continuous record. The country is currently growing at three times the rate of Europe. The economy has been freed from the surveillance imposed on it in 2018, upgraded 12 times. It is half a step away from investment grade.

In other words, the country autonomously determines its economic policy. And soon borrowing will become more favourable for everyone, for the state, for businesses and for households.

This implies the investment grade. And keep my commitment from here, from Egaleo: if a strong government of the New Democracy emerges - which it will - the investment grade will be a reality before the end of the year. But, beware, with one condition that is in our hands: the stability and the prospects of the country, something that will only be guaranteed by a strong and experienced government on May 21.

Fellow members of the New Democracy, in the truth agreement we signed four years ago I also committed myself to a secure homeland. A united society, without the old divisions and for a better and more modern everyday life. I have not moved away from these goals, despite the successive 'storms' that have broken out with us at the helm of the country.

You know it well. Count how many crises we have been through together: migratory invasions in the Evros and the Aegean, the global coronavirus pandemic, the war in Ukraine, the energy boom, natural disasters, the daily threats of Turkey. No government since the post-war era has faced so many obstacles in such a short time. Yet this government has kept our borders impregnable.

With a gigantic programme it supported workers in business and work. It organised an exemplary vaccination campaign, at the same time implementing the commitments for which the Greek people had entrusted it.

I ask you, does Greece in 2023 resemble Greece in 2019? The answer is: no, not at all. We have a fiscal surplus in 2022. This prudent management has succeeded in increasing our GDP by 26 billion; our debt, that very important indicator of our credibility, has been reduced by 40 full points, the largest reduction in public debt in the whole of Europe.

But at the same time, along with the economic recovery, we have also strengthened our defence. To those who did not see borders at sea and wanted them open on land, we gave a double answer. We zeroed out refugee flows. We relieved our islands, we built modern structures instead of the shameful structures of Moria. We saved lives in the Aegean. And, yes, we extended the fence on Evros. The fence is being extended, let those who fought it and are still fighting it hear it well.

On the other hand, we are upgrading our Armed Forces as never before with 24 new Rafale, 84 F-16 Vipers, three new frigates, increases in salaries and allowances for our servicemen and women. Why? Because for us, yes, defence is an end in itself. There is no economic prosperity that is not based on national sovereignty.

The crisis for me, friends, has never been an alibi for giving up what we are demanding. So today the country has a new face, not only in taxes and increases, in employment, in immigration, in defence, but also in works and interventions in our daily life.

See for example what is happening here in West Attica. A long time ago, Metro Line 3 terminated not far from here, in Agia Marina. Now it connects to Agia Varvara, Korydallos, Nikaia and Piraeus.

The very important Line 2 tender, which will finally connect Anthoupoli with Ilion, is also being developed. While the road connection of the Western Regional Road of Egaleo with the Athens-Corinth National Road is also being planned. The new three-storey building of the university, the equipment of its laboratories, the energy upgrade of 12 schools and the Attikon Hospital, the pilot renovation of the refugee houses in Agia Varvara, the new town hall in Egaleo.

And a little further away, the regeneration of our shipyards, in neighbouring Elefsina. The workers have returned to work. And notice, they're back on what wages? From 1,500 to 3,000 euros. With investments of more than 100 million. We'll have a total of 2,000 workers, most of them working here, in West Athens.

While we sanctified and resolved the "Gordian knot" of the Skaramanga shipyards, where 700 more recruitments are expected. Proof that the whole of society can share in the country's development.

A second proof: the plan to finance the Aghia Varvara Hospital, a personal bet of mine, so that it can operate independently from Attikon and the General Hospital of Nice. With new services, with day surgeries, a rehabilitation centre, a palliative care department, but also with primary health care units that emphasise prevention.

So you see, a lot has happened in these four years on the west side of the capital. And from the Philodemos and Tritsis programmes alone, we have 120 million euros in total for the seven municipalities of Western Attica.

However, I am well aware that much more remains to be done. I am the first to know, after all, that wages in our country remain low. That public health is still ailing. That our young people, this amazing youth, require more attention from the state. That's why specific cuts are becoming our priorities.

Friends of West Athens, in July 2019 - and a big thank you to our GCP, which will give its own fight in the student elections to be the first party in the student elections again - in July 2019 I did not promise miracles. I promised a plan and a lot of work for specific goals. And today that is a reality.

But all this is not enough. Although we have received a deserted plot of land, the Greece we are building already has a solid foundation, it has its first floors. But there are still more to be built, which will make it higher, which will make it a better country.

See, for example, health. Maybe in the pandemic, the National Health System held up, had more ICUs, many more health workers, but our health has been the big patient for decades. That is why I am not satisfied with the steps we have taken forward. We need to make leaps, especially in our hospitals, especially in our emergency departments and in the prevention of serious diseases.

The same applies to education. For the first time - listen to this and tell everyone - 25 000 permanent teacher appointments have been made. We went from 62 experimental schools to 138. Kindergarten now teaches a foreign language - look out - from four. And soon-I was here in a school in Agiou Anargyros to see the new interactive whiteboards-36,000 interactive whiteboards in all schools.

But we know that this is not enough. Other breakthroughs are needed, especially in vocational education, especially in our universities.

And look at the state. We transformed a dismantled Secretariat into a modern Civil Protection. But in the administration there are still pockets of anachronism lurking, as the accident in Tempe showed.

We made ERT a model of quality broadcasting. gov.gr has more than 1 billion transactions. We eliminated queues.

But, as you well know, in what we call the state there is still a double reality. The good aspects of the state must prevail over the bad. The state is also the "112". The state is the EMAK, the border guards, the members of the armed forces who flew to rescue the Greeks from Sudan.

The state is the police, the ambulance is by our side in every danger. The state we want is the new EFKA, which pays out pensions on time. And of course it is the same state that we want, the one that called 120,000 Greek women to have free screening mammograms.

This is the state we want and this is the state we will have with the victory of New Democracy in the elections. That is precisely why, from our first term of office, keep one thing in mind: consistency of words and deeds. It is the guarantee that just as we have delivered what we promised, we will deliver what we want for tomorrow. We will have the opportunity to present our government's work in detail in two days' time.

This New Democracy that we are fighting for is the New Democracy that will fight for a productive and social Greece, for a digital and green Greece, for a fair and strong Greece.

We have a comprehensive and costed plan. It is tried and tested in the experiences of our first term, but it is also geared to the challenges of the next decade.

Is it ambitious? Yes. But it's also realistic. It extends across public life. It gives special weight - I will only say two words about our programme, we will talk about it in detail two days from now - to three specific objectives and two horizontal necessities.

I will briefly mention them. In 2019 I came and spoke here in West Athens and I promised you one thing: I will reduce taxes and contributions for all Greeks. I put it into practice.

Today I come here again, in Egaleo, and I tell you that the next four years will be the four years of better wages for every Greek woman and every Greek man. We can raise our wages 25% in one four-year period.

From 2024, the new single pay scale for civil servants will finally come into force. And for freelancers, the business tax at the end of four years will be a thing of the past, as tax compliance will improve.

Second priority: Health. I have told you what we are going to do at St Barbara's Hospital, but I am putting a lot of emphasis on primary care. We have already said, free screening for all major diseases, a hugely important intervention. Universal power of the Personal Doctor. Modernization of all emergency departments of hospitals and 156 health centers. And recruitment of 10,000 nurses over four years.

The third horizontal intervention, effective public administration. Horizontal competitions of the ASEP, officials to be made permanent after a probationary period, evaluation for all. Civil servants' performance will be rewarded and weaknesses will be cured.

By 2027, four years from now, all processes in public administration will be digital, with electronic transactions and professional behaviours.

These three objectives will be accompanied by two others, which will permeate all our decisions. The first is to support the younger generation with affordable housing. And of course, national security policy. I think there is no Greek who is not aware of the struggles we have fought to safeguard our national interests over these four years.

A word just for our young people. I want to make a special mention of the "My Home" programme. For the first time in our country there is such a program, 10,000 houses for young people with cheap loans that they will repay in instalments of less than one rent.

Social consideration. What does this mean? There are school plots everywhere in Greece. We will be able to build modern apartments with private resources, most of them exclusively available to our young citizens at low rent.

Now, about our armaments, I will not tell you much. Sixty-eight, keep the number, not 10, not 20, not 30, 68 arms programs launched by this government. And certainly the presence of New Democracy in the governance of the country guarantees that our voice will be heard everywhere, in the American Congress, in Brussels, in all the major capitals.

Young democrats of Egaleo, all of Greece is blue and West Athens is blue and Egaleo is blue.

I could, friends, talk for hours about our report. I will not do so, I will not bore you, I will not talk about the major roads that cross the region, about our irrigation projects. I have not said a word about the Thessaloniki Metro, which is ready, it is not painted on canvas. About the new airports. About double benefits.

Because this party is the great party of popular social sensitivity. We have given a double benefit to our vulnerable fellow citizens, we have actively supported our fellow citizens with disabilities.

Nor will I talk much about our major defence agreements, with France, America, the agreements we have signed with Egypt, Israel and Italy.

Why did I say that little? As I said, we can talk for hours about our work. Because I want this to contrast with the misery and catastrophism of our opponents.

What do we have in front of us? A SYRIZA that, after failing as a government, has failed as an opposition, just as it is now failing as a political presence.

Between 2015-2019, SYRIZA showed us what it wants and what it can do. It loaded the country with a third unnecessary memorandum, bringing it one step away from the precipice. It has burdened you, the middle class, with 29 new taxes. It has turned Greece into a centre for passing immigrants. It mortgaged public property for 99 years.

Here, for our students, let me remind them that he introduced sledgehammers in universities. We are with the libraries, not the sledgehammers.

Worse, it pushed the country to the margins of Europe. I believe that this is what has ultimately hurt us all the most, to feel that we are a country without dignity, a beggar in Europe, which we are constantly asking and begging for.

However, SYRIZA also seemed incapable of opposition. It said - and hold this back for your own political sake - "no" to everything and "yes" to nothing. No to tax cuts, no to an increase in the minimum wage, no to armaments, no to defence agreements, no to the Evros fence. Watch out, not even on the rights of our fellow citizens with disabilities, and no to the protection of the Parliament from the "straw men" of the Golden Dawn.

And then what did he remember? The easy money center, the "yes" to benefits. How much is the SYRIZA program he announced costing us? What Thessaloniki? This is Thessaloniki on the cube, 45 billion euros Tsipras is spending today. But the people do not believe him, because they have tried him and have been hurt by these policies of deception, arrogance and incompetence.

And what is the central slogan? "Justice everywhere". Justice everywhere, huh? Everywhere, but not next to him, because that's where he's holding the convicted Special Court Pappas.

While he was travelling to Berlin 3-4 days ago to explain his positions to the Germans, he was the one who shouted "Go back Madame Merkel".

And I don't really know whether Mr Tsipras is laughing or crying. But I do know that he is divisive, faithful to his "populism", threatening again that "the second time will be different". A hypocrite of morality, as the case of MEP Georgoulis has shown.

But also dangerous. Dangerous, since he made sure to leave behind the "mine" of the simple proportional representation, betting on what? On ungovernability. This action was taken in order to harm New Democracy, but in the end it harms democracy itself and there is only one way to cancel it: our vote on May 21, the one that will answer the central question.

Because what is the final dilemma to which citizens, friends, will be called upon to respond? It is very simple. Do we move forward or do we go back? Do we ask for results or do we ask for lies? Do we ask again for taxes and cuts or for increases and better pay?

And let me remind you: our election year coincides with Turkey's. As with Bulgaria's. What happened in the neighbouring country? Simple proportional representation is leading Bulgaria to its sixth election in two years.

We do not need such uncertainties and such instability in our country. And the only guarantee that these things will not happen is a strong government of New Democracy the next day.

And you see that the international environment remains uncertain. What do we need today? A clear horizon but also a clear solution in the leadership of the country. Certainty, continuity and consistency. And there are many facets to the dilemma that citizens face.

Do we choose a government that knows how to win in the rough and tumble or some amateurs who drown in the first difficulties? A Prime Minister who will be respected abroad as a leader or a speechless and awkward visitor?

So, all versions of this dilemma are united in one: the New Democracy with Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis or SYRIZA with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras?

That is why the stakes of these elections are as simple as they are real. But it is also so critical in our daily lives.

I feel on this slogan, to be the Prime Minister again we all have to fight together so that no vote is wasted.

Why? Because in this ballot box there is no room for frivolous behaviour, and no room for uncounted votes. We do not need "blank" messages of so-called protest. No wrong choice at the ballot box will be corrected afterwards.

Much more - and note this because it is of particular importance - our opponents are ruthless. I personally do not believe anything they say. They said one thing and did another, after all, in the 'bloody referendum'. They proclaimed then that they would not hold new elections, and they did. They pledged that they would stand firm on their positions and then allied themselves with Kammenos' far-right.

Just as I don't trust anyone who refuses to accept as Prime Minister the leader of the party that the people have voted for.

So, again, they have no principles. And watch out, they are capable of uniting even if they are defeated. If the numbers favour them, then have no doubt, they will attempt a SYRIZA-PASOK-Varoufakis government. Imagine it a little please, with Prime Minister Tsipras, in exchange for the consolidation of the simple proportional representation so that they can float at the expense of the sinking country. Well, we will not indulge them.

This scenario seems difficult, but it is not unlikely. So people should think very carefully about what they are going to vote for. They may, for example, vote for PASOK and tomorrow they will see Prime Minister Tsipras and Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis, with an "n".

Be careful because this is no laughing matter. The latter makes no secret of the fact that he wants to blow up the banks again. Just the day before yesterday he chose a currency once he has taken us out of the euro. What did he call it? "Demeter". So, in Crete, where I was, I heard the first mantra: "how many "Demitres" does the souvlaki make, ask Yanis Varoufakis for your change".

We who know from the inside how dangerous things were in July 2015, we know very well that what sounds ridiculous, what I have described to you, is at the same time very, very dangerous. It must therefore be crushed on the mound that all responsible Greeks will raise. With your vote, rule out a 'rag-and-bone' government. Exclude any cooperation that brings paralysis.

After the May 21 elections I will return here, in West Athens, having won my personal bet, that West Athens will be blue for the first time. And we can and will achieve it.

Friends, tomorrow's government must not be a hostage to party bargaining. Decisions cannot be lost in endless negotiations. The ballot box on 21 May will ultimately determine who will govern. The more thunderous its message, the more easily the second election will arm the winner with the power to effectively run the country.

That is why the vote, on the day of Constantine and Helen, is clear: self-reliant Greece, self-reliant New Democracy. A vote for the celebration of democracy.

But be prepared to hear a lot. We will hear a lot, friends. I was very surprised that Mr Tsipras, in his desperation, was quick to copy our slogan: 'as we stayed in Europe, so we must become Europe'.

They even went so far as to whisper that the civil war in Sudan is the fault of our government and me personally. And while they are now preparing their narrative of defeat. Again. What is their fault? The polls, the media, the so-called interconnectedness. They were and remain incorrigible.

We and I personally start this struggle with two assets: the truth agreement, which we are renewing and updating, and the work we have achieved.

In this struggle I ask you to become the protagonists. Explain to each of our fellow citizens the much that has been done and the much more that needs to be done. We must not risk our conquests, we must not discount our claims.

To talk to society about our successes. To acknowledge - and I am the first to do so, always, courageously - our weaknesses. By changing the country, we change ourselves. And this is the message I invite you to take to every municipality, every district, every home, every citizen, every young person who, without party blinkers, believes in the patriotism of responsibility, believes in the modernisation of creation.

Because what does self-reliance really mean? It means spaciousness. It means a common path. Together we will all march for a better Greece. To build together, that is what I ask you, our common home. To finally bring Greece close to Europe, a leading player and not a laggard.

Go ahead, therefore, Young Democrats of West Attica, as we have been together for 20 years, together we are now entering the new battle. It is a battle that can bring a new spring. And your presence here tonight makes this optimism a certainty.

Up, then, with the hearts, the flags. Four Sundays await us until the great victory. Thank you for your love, thank you for your support. I draw strength from you, you are the New Democracy. The New Democracy is society itself. On 21 May we vote and we decide.

We are not going back. Greece is moving forward. It is moving forward, steadily, boldly and only forward.

Thank you for your love, for your support. Let the victory flags fly high. Long live New Democracy, long live Greece.
