Dear compañeras and compañeros.
 Delegates to the conference invited by the conference.
 Today the Conference of the central party organization of Central Macedonia concludes after a rich four-month internal party discussion in all party organizations with the participation of all party members.
 And while it was also preceded by.
 Another four-month.
 Procedure for all.
 Organizations of the KNE.
 The sectoral conferences on the course.
 To its congress, which was attended by the members of the KNE.
 The party organization of Central Macedonia has made very important steps in the 2 years since the previous conference.
 Who was on the march to the twenty-first.
 Conference then we went through.
 From difficult and to a certain extent I would say unprecedented situations.
 From a great pandemic that we faced with a racing pioneer.
 From the first.
 Moment with the motto.
 Below.
 The masks, we have voice.
 We went through.
 From the fire of.
 the outbreak of an imperialist war here in our neighbourhood.
 Which is constantly escalating.
 And who from.
 The first moment.
 The CCI has reoriented the.
 Movement not to.
 Select.
 Camp imperialists, but seen with the class real.
 His glasses.
 The need to organise.
 Of our own.
 The autonomous struggle against the NATO war plans and adventurism of the New Democracy government that entangle our country.
 Dangerous developments in the.
 The vanguard of this.
 Struggle found the executives and members.
 The JKE.
 of the KNE in Central Macedonia, here in Thessaloniki, as we all know who have faced the state's.
 Suppression really brave.
 Gallery we also spent these 2 years in.
 From natural disasters.
 From fires, floods.
 All over the country from.
 Increase in first-time auctions.
 Housing from deterioration of the.
 Energy poverty.
 Precision in the broad popular goods.
 Consumption from occupational accidents.
 In workplaces.
 which were met with truly magnificent.
 Mobilisations.
 And also from mobilisations in the field of culture.
 Artists from major competitions, teachers, students, pupils from major competitions.
 International strikes and rallies.
 Culminating in the.
 Strikes and mobilizations across the country for the.
 The tragedy of Tempi, where 57 of our fellow human beings perished, is a planned crime.
 Mainly young people.
 In all of this we were ahead, we were ahead, we were ahead, we only thundered the.
 People save the people.
 These 2 years.
 Also, the.
 All-student in the universities emerged first power.
 Last year and certainly will.
 Again come out first power.
 In the student elections on.
 10 May.
 Improved significantly.
 The correlation in the administrative.
 Councils in trade unions in others.
 Mass organizations, rural associations.
 In public hospitals, in.
 Schools and schools.
 We managed to combine them.
 All this quite well.
 We could successfully say the internal party.
 That is, function of the democratic debate.
 The development of reflection.
 All the members of the party and the KNE within the organs and organisations.
 And the.
 Action in the trade union.
 Movement in the mass.
 Popular, broader.
 Movement with the unprecedented.
 These mobilisations and of course.
 With the intervention, the.
 Ideological policy.
 Intervention and action with.
 Events political, cultural, ideological debates.
 With interventions in the.
 House and outside.
 This, in a long, prolonged election campaign.
 Period.
 We keep all this.
 As a legacy, so.
 We have to move forward at the same time, to raise the issues, to raise them and to fight them together and that is how we will continue.
 The previous period.
 Compañeras and comrades.
 It was marked by this mass popular youthful outburst that had, however, also.
 Too many qualitative characteristics, strong elements of militancy, collectivity.
 Solidarity of greater confidence than before in the value of organised struggle.
 She failed in her initial attempt.
 Government of the New Democracy.
 But also.
 Other parties, to.
 Imposed silence.
 In the name of mourning or to.
 The rage of the.
 Indignation through silent through painless protests.
 The multiforms.
 Shocking mobilisations and strikes.
 The slogans, the coordination, the calls of the workers' unions, the students' associations, the coordination committees, the students and other bodies of the popular movement, are a sample of.
 The infinite power of.
 Organization of the common struggle that is as scrappy as.
 Literally all of this.
 Propaganda of various mechanisms.
 Who were talking in general terms about some general and abstract terms about.
 Some collectives that were.
 On the move or for some spontaneous movements that came out of nowhere.
 Anyway.
 The crime in Tempe was what made.
 The glass overflows the.
 At a particular time at a particular time.
 Period after.
 It came to add to a set of many.
 of acute working people's problems.
 It has been shown once again that with all the bourgeois governments we have known.
 The state of this brutal dictatorship of capital.
 It addresses the needs and.
 Protection of the people.
 And youth.
 As a cost.
 To be set aside.
 Because it hurts profits, as they say and the notorious.
 Strengths of the Greek economy.
 It turned out that even.
 And the exploitation.
 of technological and scientific achievements is done by class-based.
 Economic and political criteria.
 From all this significant growth in the rise of the struggles, useful conclusions emerge, which we must collectively assess, retain, study further and integrate.
 In ideological and political.
 Organizational and mass.
 Action the enlightening work.
 The whole party and the KNE.
 Of course, in yesterday's intervention.
 Me at the conference of.
 Party Organization of Attica.
 In Athens, the.
 We coded in 10 key.
 Conclusions, I will not repeat them here today.
 From all this important activity, comrades and compañeros.
 All this.
 Previous space come out.
 And other valuable.
 Conclusions which are related.
 With the ideological, the.
 Political conflict taking place.
 We do not hide it, after all we are proud of.
 This and the.
 We say we invest.
 In that Mr. Mr.
 E is a force for truth, a struggle for subversion, that we go and where we come out is the logic of the new democracy.
 It is the.
 The logic of SYRIZA is the logic of PASOK.
 But this was tested.
 And that's why now.
 We need to go another way.
 With the k and that abstaining from the races and the ballot box means silence or.
 It means covering up responsibilities, such as.
 And the vote in new democracy, SYRIZA.
 Pasok is finally complicit.
 In so many.
 Crimes committed.
 But also in the.
 Next specified as.
 As a result of the policy that all these.
 Following.
 The possibility is presented for.
 Inactivation or.
 And shift from the new democracy.
 The SYRIZA.
 From the field, in general, of opportunism of people, especially younger people.
 The margins of posting.
 Forces are much larger.
 Of those that.
 They were exposed at today's conference, but still the personalized concrete work that we accomplish in our organizations and each and every one of us individually is weak.
 This possibility of posting.
 The forces see her, of course.
 And the various urban.
 Headquarters.
 There are more and more.
 Attempts and attempts with rigging.
 Publications and analyses that ostensibly interpret in fact seek to direct.
 Especially the resentment and anger of the.
 Youth in Casual, and.
 On dead-end roads.
 Either they push.
 The indignation towards abstinence, from.
 The ballot boxes are either pushed to the.
 So-called antisystemic vote when towards the far right.
 And the fascists when.
 To various painless small pieces.
 But the system has parties and these parties cultivate the reputation.
 As you will have them.
 Meet and you in your daily contact of the alternative.
 The left, the progressive.
 Either.
 To other units to other Groups, generally of other orientations, unique.
 Their goal.
 But their sole purpose is the popular youth vote.
 Not to be radical.
 Convinced finally not to.
 Settle down in their JPC.
 We also respond from this conference.
 They will not pass.
 The dispute is.
 Demanding and needs good equipment.
 Of our forces.
 Correct handling is needed.
 So that they break established.
 Preconceptions, meaningful engagement needed.
 The party cadres of the members to be constantly close to the organisations close to the people, close especially to the organisations of the KNE.
 We must not forget.
 That too many.
 Executives and members of the KNE give.
 For the first time.
 The battle for parliamentary elections and demand.
 Special support is required, we are seeking tens of thousands of.
 Young men and women to.
 Vote Mr. Mr.
 E at the elections.
 They are mostly young.
 It is.
 Young people and.
 New from 17.
 Say up to 35 40 years old.
 Especially those and those who.
 Vote.
 For the first time of all of them.
 For the first time.
 We must bear in mind.
 They are voting for those who were born.
 From 2003 to 2006.
 And it's over.
 From 400.
000 voters nationwide.
 They are students of.
 B and gamma high school students are students.
 The first and second year in the.
 Universities in their faculties.
 And in.
 Aen the great.
 Majority also.
 Of students in public.
 And you've been privately caught.
 Oaed, a large proportion of young workers concentrated mainly in the food service, tourism, working as.
 Delivere in trade in.
 Communications also.
 As well as a large section that is outside education.
 It's out of the.
 Training at work.
 And wandering.
 In the labour market, a large share of young people also.
 Who are now serving their military service.
 Also a large proportion of young people who are in the periphery of the district and sectoral organisations that are.
 Also students.
 In older years in.
 Years of degree or at.
 Postgraduates in universities or job seekers.
 Many of them.
 They do not have formed and crystallized views yet, they are puzzled, they are looking for the system, it tries to integrate them, to direct them or to decommission them or to.
 Retain.
 From touching.
 Fixed at Mr and.
 But they can be radicalised, they can be won in the struggle for the overthrow.
 The worker, the employee, the poor professional, the farmer even.
 And if you did not take part or have not taken part.
 Many of them in strikes and mobilisations can and should.
 To vote according to.
 The class, the political.
 Their instinct.
 All of Europe has.
 Try.
 Plus the liberal.
 And the social democratic parties has prepared the cooperation of liberal right-wing and social democratic parties.
 Co-operative governments with mutant leftists.
 And.
 Communist parties we have known.
 Centre-left governments in France.
 In Italy elsewhere to take an active part earlier in the war.
 For the dissolution of Yugoslavia, participating in the.
 War.
 There, as in.
 Continuity in other wars.
 In Syria, in.
 Afghanistan to Iraq elsewhere.
 As we've seen them recently these policies.
 Forces.
 To applaud here in.
 Greece, but also elsewhere.
 In Europe, all together, right-wing, centre-left, so-called left-wing, New Democracy, SYRIZA, PASOK, Jellensky with the Nazis of Azov in the Greek parliament for a year.
 Just like yesterday.
 After the Maastricht Treaty, which was voted for by all parties with the only.
 Except for the Communist, Greece gradually began the seizure of popular.
 Conquests across Europe found the opportunity.
 Then as.
 We remember to pass a treaty without the required popular resistance.
 As the Labour.
 Movement had.
 Found to a degree.
 Largely in.
 Retreat.
 While.
 Capitalist restoration was progressing.
 In the former.
 Socialist countries in this territory.
 They also surfaced.
 The various parties, nostalgic for Hitler, fascism.
 Under the pretext of the existing immigration problem that.
 Created and the European.
 Union and the.
 Greece and other countries and Greece.
 We say as a country that.
 Support the imperialist war.
 In Asia, in other.
 Areas of Africa and other.
 And the robbery of.
 Peoples, the European Union.
 She has played her part.
 In the emergence of such parties, as today it is an official ideology.
 Her unhistorical identification.
 Fascism communism last several mass media.
 Update so friendly.
 Towards the new democracy.
 As for the.
 Syriza say and say again about the possibility of aid.
 far-right fascist groups, to the point where one wonders if, after all.
 Indeed, it is a warning or even a pursuit.
 They even have the audacity.
 Classify them also in the so-called antisystemic forces.
 When it has been proven both historically and in the very recent past that it is.
 For the best real watchdogs of the system who do not hesitate to commit the most heinous and atrocious crimes in order to serve this system.
 There is more.
 Proof of relationships.
 of these groups with parts of the state apparatus.
 From the effort of.
 Convicted Nazi criminal cassidier to put a former deputy prosecutor in front of him.
 The Supreme Court.
 to get this Nazi to run for office.
 Elections such as.
 We've all learned and it's been published and it's been made public.
 And the intention.
 And the actions they do.
 But they do exploit.
 And other far-right groups, like here in the.
 Northern Greece.
 The party of Velopoulos.
 Who is mainly active in Northern Greece, who, after being a prominent member of Karatzaferi's LAOS.
 He then supported the.
 Governance then the co-government.
 Pasok New Democracy, PLAOS as a member.
 The PLAOS and as.
 Member of Parliament and then as.
 A member of the New Democracy.
 Support.
 The government of New Democracy PASOK agreeing throughout.
 The privatisation liberalisation path.
 For example of the railways today blames this crime on the embankments only on some individual.
 He says some incompetent politicians and various state officials.
 Mechanism, covering up the great responsibilities.
 The governments and their parties to date.
 Leading the mud against the mobilisations.
 Calls for an intensification of repression against the enemy people, as it considers them.
 By.
 Populisms and his various words.
 Air obscure the truth.
 The reality of all these.
 They are not afraid of the capitalist system.
 Because he couldn't or wouldn't of course.
 Scare them off since.
 These same people.
 After all, they create them, they promote them, they promote them, what they really fear is the.
 The tangible is now a prospect.
 The possibility that the anger, the indignation, the discontent of the people and the youth may be transformed in mass terms.
 In a conscious attitude.
 Total questioning of the policy.
 And their choices.
 To become.
 The rage that is.
 Turning power to.
 Also expressed in the elections.
 With hundreds of thousands of young people.
 Anti-systemic militant votes, Mr. Mr.
 Ε.
 Gal we appeal to all those whose interests are incompatible with the interests of the monopolies to try, to rediscover hope by doing a lot of.
 The KKE is strong at the polls.
 For the Medina the Communist, Greece is strong itself.
 The people the KKE.
 Alone before the clouds even appear on the horizon.
 He was watching, he warned.
 Remember what.
 We have said about the.
 Course of its own.
 European Union what we have said about imperialist war, about the sovereign rights.
 In the Aegean Sea.
 For privatisations, for the liberalisation of the market, for the.
 Changes in labour relations, the abolition of tenure for civil servants.
 For Community subsidies, for the various Community funds.
 Packages with.
 But it turned out to be mainly or.
 Only the.
 Plutocracy has been warned for years.
 15 years that.
 In the PASOK programmes.
 And the New Democracy was referring to reactionary changes that were coming.
 These were written into the memoranda, these then taking the place of the.
 PASOK.
 SYRIZA joined in and all together they keep the memorandum measures after the end of the memoranda and they take many more anti-labour and anti-people measures, while they are preparing for new ones after the elections.
 Them.
 They have no stop must.
 Somebody put the brakes on them.
 Gal become impression.
 The position of SYRIZA, expressed by a leading member of parliament, was provoked.
 Last former minister that would make a new agreement of.
 Prespes for the Aegean this time.
 Confirming and thus confirming the.
 SYRIZA's commitment to various Euro-Atlantic arrangements in the context of.
 Broader plans for the.
 Area all around here that.
 But they carry too many risks, we believe.
 For the peoples.
 While reproducing the.
 Syriza, the appeal to the court of.
 The Hague, imitating here the new democracy.
 Every day the working people, the unemployed.
 The pensioner listens.
 From the establishment parties.
 That this election.
 They are critical.
 For stability.
 For the.
 Security of the people of the country.
 From the new democracy to be voted to govern again alone or in partnership to continue the same unpopular.
 Policy that does not.
 He said he had time to.
 Complete and from SYRIZA he wants stability too.
 To rule with a government that is supposedly progressive, a progressive government.
 Muff, because anything else.
 Despite progress, the programmes.
 SYRIZA and those who.
 They aspire to be in government as partners with him.
 From PASOK to others.
 Besides, the spokesperson of SYRIZA herself stated.
 In the most official.
 Way that.
 In the big ones they don't have.
 Many differences.
 With the new democracy.
 Indeed, her words.
 It was in the big ones, we don't have.
 Differences.
 With the new democracy.
 But.
 You see, it is these big ones that determine the fate of the Greek people, which determine the fate of the Greek people.
 The fate of the.
 Our country and not.
 Sure.
 The small and insignificant or crucial battles have not yet been fought by our people, they are ahead of us.
 And the electoral.
 Showdown can not pass.
 So.
 It must not be a lost battle again, the readiness of the Greek people and youth to.
 Exercise more effective pressure to claim.
 To fight back the very next day in the very next few months.
 Half the truth we tell is a huge lie, that's why parties must tell the whole truth.
 The next Parliament will probably.
 It will have surprises, as it had in.
 We left no past behind.
 But the surprises.
 To disorient us, we have seen transfers of MPs from one party to another, the.
 Which from that.
 It seems they will continue and are now being done by sitting Members.
 We're talking, we saw new parties emerge which turned out to be of a.
 Use, the LRAOS.
 That we mentioned before.
 Karatzaferi the.
 Potami, the Centrist Union, the ANEL of Kammos.
 To recall some.
 Other smaller ones.
 They played the game of reforming this.
 Of.
 Sapian political system participated in government schemes, became a washing machine of sins.
 This capitalist system of corruption.
 And then they disappeared.
 SYRIZA's proposal for a supposedly progressive.
 Co-operation government is a great.
 Bluff, an election proposal.
 Only to drive.
 As its makers believe, mainly in interception of the hopes of the.
 Greek people and perhaps of course some of the Greek people.
 Votes after all.
 While they are making such invitations of supposed friendship.
 They put their representatives at the headquarters of the.
 To declare to the channels that with the cuckoo clock our programs are not a composition, but.
 They say it themselves.
 Another is the goal.
 Their vote-rigging.
 In order for the Communist, Greece to be impossible, that is, for the Greek people to be impossible.
 They thus seek to.
 To stop the working people's movement so that governments of any colour and composition can have their hands free to pass unpopular measures.
 From thinking under the covers.
 Brussels, Washington to make any agreements.
 And the fucking kicks they need.
 Inside Greece primarily to fool the Greek people.
 We have said for many years.
 Over a decade.
 That this game.
 Of the capitalist bourgeois political.
 System of continuous i.e.
 Management of this barbarity.
 We're not going to play it.
 Why not.
 We want to kill the hopes of our people.
 Because the others have.
 Lost their trust in the people.
 We reply that we will never lose this trust.
 Because, as it turns out.
 Every day only the.
 People save the people.
 And none other than all of them.
 Gale, ο.
 Working people will rise up.
 He will come forward and on the front lines.
 It will be.
 And they and they.
 Where.
 Today they may still hesitate.
 Or even fear.
 Stock E we are realistic fighters not.
 We ask.
 It's all or nothing, as some.
 Nor do they claim that we want to stay immaculate and unsullied.
 Policy.
 Our virginity, as a SYRIZA trade unionist told me, coming from.
 As you have understood, from the deepest PASOK of the old.
 Now it's SYRIZA.
 In Kavala.
 And it does not apply.
 This is simply.
 Because we are not going to sit back and do nothing.
 On 22.
 May.
 Any.
 Government and if formed.
 We'll be Galen, we won't.
 We are mere spectators.
 And observers waiting to.
 Disappointed people.
 And learn lessons.
 For the umpteenth time.
 From a bitter lesson we will be in the only majority that will really exist.
 That is, to the popular majority, and we will do what.
 It is within our power not to.
 Missed more the.
 People not to lose everything.
 To claim something, to win in order to organise the counter-attack with greater confidence.
 Of.
 We have elaborated requests, positions direct.
 Targets and for the.
 Here and now for unemployment.
 And recruitment.
 For public social.
 Projects for the.
 Rescue of the insurance funds.
 From total bankruptcy.
 Who have brought them for the change in the law on retirement, for over-indebted households.
 For the auctions of first homes on how to.
 Get out of energy poverty.
 And the.
 Accuracy about how.
 Private and public sector workers, self-employed tradesmen, craftsmen, professionals, scientists and other self-employed persons will be relieved.
 Poor farmers from heavy taxation from debts.
 Positions on collective.
 Contracts for the public.
 Health, prevention.
 The provision of medicine for this altogether large problem.
 Health and education for pupils, students, students.
 For professional.
 Training for much more.
 Still for everything.
 We expose the unpopular laws that are being passed, such as recently with the water not to say the.
 People.
 That is, the water is water.
 It's no coincidence that the big rally concert that took place a week ago here in Thessaloniki and we all saluted it from above.
 The government is still trying.
 Trying to fool you by saying that there is no risk of water commercialisation.
 He laughs about it, of course.
 Every bitter man.
 So since we ask them, water is in no danger of becoming a commodity.
 Then how do you explain the dozens of bottling companies.
 And water marketing that they say will even have a turnover of 800 million euros in the.
 2023 how is it really explained that the.
 Each of us.
 He will spend this year.
 Almost €80 for bottled water, consuming around 150 litres.
 Off-network.
 And since it's not.
 Species to be marketed, then, how is it explained.
 The pricing of the from.
 The companies providers the European slaughterhouse directive.
 Union how are they justified.
 All kinds of levies.
 Who do the bill.
 Heavy and weightless.
 The water we all know has been flowing for years.
 In the groove of the.
 Commercialization under the responsibility of all governments to date.
 If something is confirmed and for this.
 The issue after the liberalisation of rail energy.
 And other stuff, put as many as you want, you know.
 With this criminal.
 Their policy is.
 That it needs to get stronger.
 The layman.
 Fight for water.
 Social good, in.
 Conflict with European Union policy and.
 Of all the parties that treat it as a commodity.
 Many of the above and others we have.
 Processed and as proposals.
 Law in Parliament.
 We certainly ask them and we have them.
 Testify in Parliament, but first of all the.
 We testify to the struggles in the movement because there from one ear they go in from the other, they come out, they don't lift up their dry hands to pass such laws.
 The philanthropists proposed by Mr.
 Ε.
 That's why.
 We ask for strength, great strength to make our struggles more effective.
 The struggles for us are not.
 Self-goal was never an end in itself, so.
 We can meet in the elections with class-conscious workers and militants.
 Different ideological political orientations to date, without demanding to.
 Adopt all positions.
 All our own views, a few days before the.
 Elections.
 And all the other parties that even claim a mandate for governments, one-party or coalition.
 They have swallowed their tongue.
 On major running issues.
 Faster and faster and you will.
 Run even faster and right after the election.
 With an imperialist war raging in our neighbourhood between NATO.
 And Russia on its territory.
 Ukraine with the dispute in our region particularly.
 Following the latest decisions.
 NATO Balkans, Eastern Mediterranean Middle East.
 North Africa.
 Taking on dangerous proportions.
 In a.
 Area having.
 Great energy wealth is a passage of raw materials.
 From the central.
 Asia, the Caspian, the Middle East.
 Both to the West and to the rapidly.
 Rising powers of Asia such as China, India, other particularly China.
 Which now threatens the primacy.
 The United States of America on the world chessboard.
 The Euro-Atlantic bloc.
 He responded by enlarging NATO, approving.
 The day before yesterday as the thirtieth.
 First NATO member Finland.
 Located next to Russia, on its border and the Russian-Asian bloc.
 It responded immediately by having nuclear weapons.
 Arms in Belarus.
 Who until now had not.
 Powerful monopolies, imperialist unions and rising imperialist powers are entangled in a tangle of antagonisms, antagonisms and conflicts.
 We.
 Fixed.
 We demand that the.
 Greece from these imperialist plans.
 From the war on the territory of Ukraine and the surrounding.
 Countries.
 No more contractual, as they call them.
 As they call it, obligation of them.
 Which directly or indirectly involves our own country not to use the bases of death that the Americans have filled all over Greece with the signing of new.
 Democracy and SYRIZA.
 To close all now to return the Greek troops, the Greek officers who are outside the border.
 This is what he believes to be right.
 And the great.
 Majority of the enlisted.
 Our Youth.
 But also too many.
 From the permanent members of the armed forces who have taken an oath to guard hot gates and not to serve the interests of the Americans and NATO.
 Compañeras and comrades.
 Μ.
 We are fighters fighters fighters visionaries.
 But.
 We have at the same time a very specific realism.
 The Communist, Greece has realism.
 He knows very well who.
 It is the current correlation of forces in Greece, but also in Europe.
 Internationally, it will need tough.
 Attempt to discover.
 The people themselves.
 His strength to go on the counterattack.
 Until the radical overthrow.
 That we give it a name and content.
 Working people's power, governance.
 Socialisation of wealth.
 Disengagement from the European Union and NATO unilateral withdrawal.
 Debt, working people's.
 Bottom-up control.
 The.
 KKE is ready to be present at a genuine.
 People's governance, power.
 With the people really.
 Dominant.
 The answer to today's problems cannot be given, for example, by the position that various social-democratic forces are now presenting as a sour soup.
 And put with slogans.
 And others of the opportunist space.
 The so-called extra-parliamentary Left.
 Also.
 Who are raising slogans for the re-nationalisation of everything, but without changing anything in the economy and in power itself.
 We simply tell them to consider that the Macron, for example, does not open up any road to anti-capitalist subversion when newly re-nationalized.
 The electric.
 Energy only to interfere in competition, even charging the French people with 17 billion euros in damages.
 Who will pay them.
 The workers themselves.
 Nor did it create any anti-capitalist hub, as the German state energy company.
 Company Une pro or the rescue that.
 He made in Germany goal from the German.
 State.
 Made by the German.
 State, such as.
 And it didn't happen.
 Anti-capitalist or statist.
 Mitsotakis here.
 In Greece let's not go crazy.
 Because he changed his mind.
 On privatisation.
 The port of Alexandroupolis, when of course of course of course of course the Americans and NATO indicated to him that they prefer the Greek port of Alexandroupolis.
 State and government.
 Of being confronted and interacting.
 And not.
 Probably another competitive.
 Company, maybe even another company.
 Country competitor in the port of Alexandroupolis.
 The proposal of the KKE.
 He's talking about a.
 A radically different state.
 From today's hostile.
 For the people state talks about social property.
 For the real producers of wealth to have the power themselves and to make changes, to be able to move forward.
 Changes.
 We know by heart of course.
 That such a.
 Evolution that.
 But it benefits the vast majority of the Greek people.
 It will not arise.
 In one day nor in one night.
 Nor, of course, do you know.
 We do not have.
 Illusions that will now arise in 40.
 Days in 42 days.
 From this election.
 On 21 May for this is.
 More than.
 Urgent to work more.
 Action.
 To strengthen the unique alliance, cooperation, unity.
 It can prevent the.
 Worse to conquer and finally.
 To win, to say it one more time, our coalition proposal does not start backwards.
 From the tops.
 The alliance from above is always.
 Vulnerable if the most basic needs are not given weight and priority.
 The alliance of social forces that have an interest in confronting the monopolies and the choices of the imperialists.
 This alliance has a name: an alliance of the working class with the self-employed.
 The city and the countryside.
 The social alliance is what needs to be done.
 A matter of the people themselves.
 But without a powerful Mr.
 And this alliance will not be able to achieve mass effectiveness.
 With the prospect of constantly conquering anti-capitalist.
 Antitrust orientation and content.
 Is it necessary all this to enter.
 Serious obstacles to the sweeping advance of capital.
 And his parties to fight effectively.
 And victorious for the people their policy.
 The Communist Party of Greece calls on the people.
 To fight for its immediate problems, to gather forces that are supported.
 And in his.
 to demand that all the assembled means become people's property.
 Production.
 In the sectors of manufacturing in general, industry and concentrated trade, to create unified.
 Exclusively state-owned operators in the strategic sectors.
 Significant sectors such as energy, telecommunications, construction, transport.
 Of mining.
 To socialise healthy.
 The big capitalist enterprises.
 To create new types of productive cooperatives.
 Socialisation will unleash the great untapped productive growth potential that Greece has today.
 Only such an economy can finally eliminate anarchy.
 The production of the.
 The jungle of competition between monopolistic groups for the highest possible profit.
 Them.
 It can harness and allocate in this direction the entire labour force of the country, eliminating unemployment.
 Wealth and development potential.
 Greece has.
 Only it's far from the people away.
 The people who produce this.
 Pluto.
 And all of Macedonia.
 He has too much wealth.
 The speeches of the delegates the previous day revealed all this together with the elements of the conference.
 Greece has a valuable mineral.
 Wealth of domestic energy sources.
 Features cement other building materials.
 For constructions.
 It has coverage possibilities.
 Domestic nutritional needs.
 It has and.
 It can create significant.
 Textile, clothing and footwear production base, as well as the related.
 Know-how significant infrastructure also exists today in the metal industry.
 It is a great force in shipping.
 There is significant infrastructure expertise in the sector.
 Construction and repair.
 Commercial, tourist and naval vessels for the.
 On this basis.
 It is realistic for all workers to have the right to equal free.
 Public health and education services.
 Recreation protection of children of the elderly.
 The family household can be supported by state social structures in elected bodies.
 This people's power, and.
 Here is our big difference.
 From the other parties, representatives of all workers in the production units will participate.
 And representation will be ensured.
 Farmers, producers, students, pensioners, etc.
 Even in the highest institutions.
 Power to govern for the.
 The whole country, that is, the People's Parliament, the Parliament that we support, the elected deputies will not be permanent, but they will be recallable.
 And all those who vote will be owners.
 Truly of their wealth and not manipulated exploiters.
 Suppressed we are sure.
 That they too.
 Who disagree with us today, do not question that we are an experienced, The JKE.
 He knows how to fight.
 Under any circumstances.
 We have a great advantage.
 We recognize shortcomings, weaknesses we can and must become better and more effective we learn.
 And from the successes.
 From our positives and from our mistakes, our weaknesses.
 Us and the defeats.
 Our.
 We have and we maintain and will maintain an irreplaceable and valuable advantage.
 In each phase.
 And especially in conditions.
 Where the pressure.
 Grows up and is multifaceted.
 They can't get their hands on us, they can't buy us off, they can't trick us, they can't scare us.
 This.
 The strong KKE needs today.
 This is what Greece needs, the people.
 Gal what consists of the great In your opinion.
 Our view our contribution our contribution.
 But also view more broadly.
 Of course today.
 Not because we are generally fighters and fighters.
 Not for this.
 Nor of course do we ask for anything in return for this; everything we do we do with.
 Full consciousness, awareness and.
 Liability.
 So we learned from the.
 Grandparents and grandmothers.
 Our.
 From the fathers and.
 Our mothers, that's how we teach our children and our grandchildren, that's how they all learn from us.
 What we want.
 What.
 We can give the irreplaceable is.
 That we are able to.
 To push the popular.
 Awakening to the popular.
 Organization in the development of mass popular agitation.
 Initiative.
 By every possible means, that is where we are judged and that is where we must be judged and not only in how we each and every one of us individually.
 As separate individuals we are.
 The subversion, the.
 Working people's power.
 Governance will not.
 Conquer the Mr.
 And.
 Only the.
 As they falsely claim.
 That we're supposed to be saying other pieces.
 It will be conquered by the protagonist people itself, the protagonist working class.
 Her allies and their movement, because only the.
 People save the people.
 Gallery and we we certainly we will be.
 There in the first.
 Line we will be a blood donor.
 Come on, star.
 It will be the people.
 Compañeras and comrades.
 The upcoming election battle has the crucial importance.
 Of.
 If it is left untapped for the people, then the next day.
 From worse conditions he will face himself.
 The people the new.
 Most powerful war coming to all.
 The sectors.
 But.
 With powerful Mr. and.
 At.
 Ballot box and emancipated people.
 From dilemmas, from.
 Blackmail from illusions then.
 It is certain.
 That from a much better position you would.
 Fend off this new war.
 The messages from the United.
 States of America from all countries, also in the states of the European.
 Union talk of a new coming great crisis.
 Perhaps they say deeper than the previous one.
 Everything that happened with the bankruptcies of the regional banks in.
 USA or the.
 Trouble in their hanging or in Switzerland and Gold have rung a big bell.
 It will also hit the.
 Greece most likely quite a big bell again.
 The crisis.
 It is not a simple external phenomenon that is not.
 It is related to the.
 Economic and other indicators in Greece, as some claim, are.
 Saying and other things that.
 We have to wait for our people to appreciate we after the elections are even tougher measures than they are to catch the bloody surpluses.
 There will certainly be losses in insurance.
 Funds, red loans.
 It's already on the rise.
 So there should be no reassurance that the banks are shielded, as the.
 Central banker and others.
 If this is not a real war that's coming, what is it?
 We want to be better, to be pioneers, to be fighters.
 Everywhere.
 The members of the KKE.
 And the KNE know.
 Very well that in this.
 The society we live in needs great courage, great endurance.
 Strong heart, and.
 Stomach to stay.
 Fixed.
 Be agile when you need to be.
 And as long as it takes but.
 Don't lose.
 The basic bushel.
 And when you think only of yourself, for example.
 And you think about.
 Your close surroundings when you start to lose, we say again your own confidence in the people.
 To this people.
 As he was voting.
 Until now then.
 Along with your fighting spirit, you lose your.
 Willingness for self-sacrifice.
 And for selflessness.
 The experience.
 We consider that the people themselves have acquired.
 Us and the youth.
 From the same.
 Executives and members of the KKE and the KNE, beyond individual individuals from individual.
 Observations, in addition to.
 Individual weaknesses that exist.
 In each.
 Living organism shows a thing if it did not exist.
 Stable Mr. and especially.
 These 30.
 Very hardly in many respects years this people would not have had.
 He is also taking these small steps.
 And this progress that.
 He did in the games of Galis.
 Powerful then.
 Mr K.
 Ε.
 At the ballot box, if we are stronger, our people will stand stronger on the offensive.
 Where will the.
 Next time for this we have to take steps forward, not backwards, so that we can envision and.
 We are fighting for the radical.
 Change and reversal.
 Which will come to Greece and other countries in Europe.
 Because only the.
 People save the people.
 On the road to reversal, with.
 Cape cape cape.
 Epsilon much stronger.
 Hello good strength and health.
 Good luck to our conference be well everyone we are moving forward.
