Friends. Today the message here from Trikala. It is loud and clear. As long as the democratic party is beaten with paracratic methods, it will grow stronger and stronger in every corner of Greece. First of all, I would like to wish you a happy birthday, because we have many celebrants.

And I want to say that in these difficult days when this election campaign started. Some people are again trying to raise false dilemmas. But what is the real dilemma of the election? It is egoism. Of Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis. Who cannot appreciate that what they have done over the last eight and a half years has led Greece to continue the merry-go-round of lost opportunities. The toxicity, the division. So what is the real dilemma? Is the real dilemma or do we as a nation as a people build a state that guarantees the public interest and security? Or do we continue the game in which the rulers of the day will have the state as a booty in their hands with the sole aim of buffoonery and strengthening their power? We, then, get in the way. To those who have bankrupted Greece. To the attitudes that are driving the young generation abroad. The practices that make citizens disillusioned. But now the people cannot say that they did not know as they did in 2014. Now we know very well what Mr Tsipras and Mr Kammenos were, and what Mr Mitsotakis was? They have been tested. So today, does Mr Mitsotakis think he can hide his executive failure? The grave insult to the institutions, the widening of social inequalities, the reduction in the purchasing power of citizens and job insecurity does not call for a positive vote for the work he is doing. He goes all over Greece and spreads the scarecrow of Mr Tsipras' governance and says. Vote for me because they will come.

So I say, from Trikala, vote PASOK so that neither of the two will come. He even has the nerve. And yesterday from my homeland, Crete. To continue the fake news and mythomania, proving his real agony. He says I am preparing a government with Mr Varoufakis. Who says that? Mr Mitsotakis. Who, together with Tsipras, Varoufakis, Samaras and all of them, divided the Greek people when they bankrupted our country. Mr Karamanlis. Who says that? Those who vindicated Mr Georgiou and did not issue a statement to apologise to him. The ones who are united by the common narrative of the country's bankruptcy. When did Mr Tsipras say a word against Mr Karamanlis? Never, barely a few days ago he announced his right-hand man on the ballot papers, Mr Antonaros. When did he ever say a word of criticism of the bankrupt government? Mr Mitsotakis never? So here they come to demand change and pose false dilemmas. This faction has nothing to do with the extreme right-wing of Mr Voridis, Mr Georgiades, Mr Karatzaferis, which Mr Mitsotakis has activated, nor with the extreme populism that Mr Tsipras has brought to the fore, dividing it; it is the democratic faction, it is the PASOK of Andreas Papandreou, which is proudly standing up again as a protagonist in the forefront of our country.

Friends. But what monstrosity? There is a worse monstrosity than the lack of respect for the ordinary citizen. There is a worse monstrosity than exposing your country internationally. Like Mr Tsipras in the referendum of 15 made a mockery of our country worldwide by turning the no yes vote into a no yes in a matter of minutes. So Mr Mitsotakis a few days ago, when European institutions came to Greece to meet the government, he closed the door on them as countries do. Press Hungary. So they, with their decisions, with their attitudes, are leading the country to monstrosity and special exceptionalism. We are fighting for a country and a proud people, a European normal country with respect for human rights, the rule of law and democracy. We are not fighting for the country of the cover-up of the wiretapping for the country, the cover-up of the TV licence game. You will not see next to me anyone convicted 13-0 by a special court who we have on our ballot papers, such as Mr Pappas; you will not see on the ballot papers of the democratic party anyone who has insulted the intelligence of the Greek people and the public interest. But on the other hand.

We have the one who talks about progressive governance. You cannot have progressive governance by turning a blind eye to Golden Dawn. It cannot. On the one hand, Mr Mitsotakis is allowing 3 years to campaign. Golden Dawn from prison. And on the other hand, the so-called left, a few months before, when we have to show the way to protect our democratic constitution, to play Pontius Pilate to fish in the murky waters of the far right.

I say this so that every Greek understands that our basic political difference is that we are going and moving forward, not on the basis of our political interest, but on the basis of the principles and values of a democratic movement of a people, the people-born movement, such as the one that was founded in the good years of 1974, and if we have hurt the Greek people, some people with their practices are not among us. They will not be among us again and we are building a new relationship of trust with all Greek citizens. Therefore, voting for PASOK on May 21 is only PASOK. By voting PASOK we send these 2 systems of power to the past by voting PASOK you vote for the rule of law, a resilient and competitive economy, a cohesive society, fair development and prosperity for all citizens and not only for the likes of the powerful. Today, PASOK on this new page is building relationships of trust every day. So said the great Nikos Kazantzakis. Non-existent is that we did not desire enough. We in PASOK wish enough for a strong and just Greece in Europe and in the world and we will make this non-existent with our struggle in the next 4 weeks real for all Greeks. We keep our best traditions our patriotic DNA our historic struggles for democracy and social justice and the unparalleled work of infrastructure and the rule of law. The welfare state, health and education, the national health system built by George Gennimatas and Paraskevas Avgerinos of Public Education that your children and grandchildren. They were the ones who could for many, many years study in Greek universities, become doctors, lawyers. The child of the farmer, the farmer's child and to achieve more in life than previous generations, we are the party, the progressive, patriotic party of European social democracy.

Friends, with a strong PASOK on 21 May we are opening a new page for young people and new generations.

This is why we call on the Greek people. To make a choice of responsibility. A decision for change. A decision of change that is a clear choice between the state of opacity that exists only to serve the blue children and a state of meritocracy, transparency and respect for institutions.

They say we have no seats. 15 days ago I said that all political leaders should commit themselves. That if we were part of the next government. All the institutions in the country and all the hospitals will have their administrations staffed by open international competitions and not by their party children as has been the case in recent years.

I have not heard either Mr Mitsotakis or Mr Tsipras answer, because they derive their power from the client state and not from meritocracy and transparency. Friends. But which state is the state? The one that some people said in 2014 in Thessaly and throughout Greece that you should not pay your loans. Because we are coming with Kammenos and to be fair, we were not told with Kammenos. Then they had the kinder surprise. And they were saying, don't pay seismicity, we are coming and you won't pay anything seismicity on red loans and after a year of deceiving the Greek people, Mr. Tsipras passes a law and hands over billions of red loans of farmers, farmers, farmers, cooperatives, small and medium enterprises to the crows of the funds. So we as a patriotic movement have only one goal. To put the plan to de-fund the Greek economy on the sidelines and protect all Greeks so that they have a second chance of dignity and can settle their loans in a fair way. We are not saying that the strategic defaulters should be burned with the dry and the green, but the people who are being blackmailed by the funds that took the loans at 5, 10, 15% of the value.

And they're not interested in the growth of the Greek economy, but to speculate a little bit more. So we have another plan for that we want all negotiations to be done with transparency criteria over the table, as it would be with the banking system and of course what kind of state we envision not. However, the state that subsidises the oligarchs and they make more profits through the energy crisis than in previous years from the taxes of the Greek people.

They are the ones today who are caressing Mr Mitsotakis and whose media did not say a word yesterday about the conclusion of the tragedy of Tempi. We did not hear them say and apologise yesterday. Mr Voridis and Mr Georgiades, who said that it was not illegal, said that the transfer of this particular official was illegal, but yesterday the conclusion that was reached not by the judiciary but by the committee appointed by Mr Mitsotakis said that this transfer was illegal. We have not heard any apology because all they care about. It is a show a fake reality to keep their likes at the helm of power.

We are here to prevent any such scenario, because the goal of the democratic party is the interest of the many and not the few that the government of New Democracy serves today. We are being asked what we will do post-election, who we will go with and who we will leave. We answer clearly. We will go with the unemployed young person looking for prospects, with our fellow citizens who spend 50% of their income on housing costs, with the part-time worker of €400 and
with the pensioner who has had his ESAS cut by Mr Tsipras and cannot earn a month after the fortnight and for this pensioner we are committed to a new ESAS for 350,000 low pensioners.

We will go with the person who took a mortgage for their main house and now their mortgage has doubled with the small and medium-sized businessman whose bank door remains closed, at the same time that Europe from the Recovery Fund gave 11 billion to support these people who cannot get liquidity in the banking system.
The new republic gave the first 1.1 billion at 1.2 interest to 67 strong businesses. Without taking a drachma small business. So that is why we are calling for redirection of Recovery Fund loans.

We will go with the woman, the working woman who has no place to leave her child in the morning. As there are not enough nursery places, how are we going to deal with the demographic issue? If we do not support a network of nurseries and pre-school education throughout Greece to bring down the cost of raising your children, it is a priority for the democratic party to address the huge demographic issue.

And PASOK. How will it use the vote of the Greek people? They ask us again. We do not prejudge the will of the Greek people. We do not set up coalitions on the sidelines and behind the scenes we do not say, like Mr Mitsotakis, that the first Sunday does not count and we will hold more elections until he becomes prime minister. We are not talking about a government of either winners or losers.

I've never seen it before. Prime Minister. Bringing in the simple proportional representation and then saying he doesn't use the simple proportional representation. If I'm not first, so how does simple proportional representation work? Do you know what all this shows? Their opportunism. In the face of Mitsotakis remaining Prime Minister and Tsipras becoming Prime Minister again, they are not interested in progress or stability. Our priority, therefore, from the first Sunday, is progress and stability, solutions, a programme, positions and a new political ethos.

Friends. I am personally committed to a strong PASOK. That the priority in our negotiations will be the reservoir of 150,000 social housing places, either newly built with Recovery Fund money, as is the case in Spain, Portugal and Italy, or with tax incentives, or incentives for reconstruction in all municipalities of the country. There are hundreds of closed houses at the same time. That your student children in Athens and Thessaloniki cannot find a cheap house, low rent and decent housing and are now doing their applications not on the basis of their ambitions, but on the basis of their pocketbook, grandparents' grandparents and families with 150,000 social housing units, we are giving power to young couples in students so that they can make choices of dignity and not choices of begging.
Come together to create a safety net to protect people from private debt. I have said in my previous speeches 120 instalments for the tax office and the National Social Insurance Fund and, of course, when you keep to your arrangement, there can be a reduction in the final amount.

Corresponding universal protection of agricultural property, in order to preserve the productive power of our farmers. Reform of bankruptcy law with an emphasis on the reorganisation and rescue of companies. Establishment of the right of option for borrowers to purchase their loan before it is transferred to funds.

Protecting the borrower of the 80,000 families of the Swiss franc by limiting to 1/3 their liability for their change, the exchange rate change and 2/3 that the interest rate is borne by the banking institution. Limits on the profitability of funds for viable arrangements to borrowers, as they buy loans at 15 and 20% and sell them at 80 and 90. Substantial negotiation with banks and taking measures to eliminate and prevent increase in interest rates on loans to weak households. And, of course, reduce the banks' profit margins for consistent borrowers. I say this because some will say? But there is no moral hazard. There is a moral hazard. For those who became poor, struggled and couldn't stand it. And because we want to give incentives to those who struggled and endured for this, we are saying special arrangements for them as well, so that all Greeks are in a framework of economic justice and fairness and perspective, and not the banks earning billions from the huge difference between the interest rate on deposits and the interest rate on mortgages. When I proposed all this a year ago, the gentlemen on the right called me a populist. When the banks will make 3 weeks before the elections, it is a gift from the Mitsotakis government so far the mockery of the powerful interests that protect the new democracy.

With PASOK strong we will have a strong new national health system. Free health care is a priority in a society that pays the third highest private costs in Europe. Yes, this impoverished country pays the third highest private health care costs in Europe. We say that the solution is the new NHS. The government is giving a very small percentage of the Recovery Fund to public health. We say get to a minimum of 8% when other states with similar problems give between 8 and 10% of the Recovery Fund for their health systems, he says. We are talking about strong primary health care that will reach every home in the country, the weak Greeks need immediate staffing of our hospitals with permanent medical staff. As well as an increase in the salaries of NHS health workers in line with those of health workers in the rest of the European Union. If we continue not to provide financial incentives, thousands of doctors and health workers will, as today, leave to powerful European countries while studying in Greek universities. Establish social, economic and scientific incentives to stop understaffing in the region, including the health workers of the NHS in the heavy and unhealthy category and not more selective increases in allowances.

We say. Let's come to an understanding on another big issue. The one concerning effective. Transition to the green economy. You know everybody talks about the green age. We talked first. George Papandreou spoke first. Since the middle of the last decade before last about the green transition. Do you remember what New Democracy was saying? Prasin horses. And the Left pretended not to know the issue. And now, instead of making a green transition with Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis, instead of getting rid of fossil fuels and putting in renewable energy sources, we are dumping our own lignite and putting in natural gas that belongs to third countries, making the Greek people live through the worst energy crisis in Europe, and then they come and say but we reduced your tariff. The gentlemen of the new democracy. And from where they reduced the tariffs from their own pockets from your taxes they reduced the tariffs from one pocket and put them in the other. What do we suggest? We are proposing that a large amount of the recovery fund go to energy grid upgrades so that in the next few years, as all the countries in Europe are doing, we can have hundreds of energy communities in regional municipalities in cooperatives, farmers, ranchers, processors, so that they all know that in the next 15 years they will have stable production costs and not be extorted by global turbulence. Is that what the government wants? The minister from your county. Just before August 15. He took some legislative initiatives. And handed over the remaining renewable energy space. Only to the powerful. This shows that the new democracy wants the green transition to be a field of powerful businessmen in the country. We call for energy democracy, energy justice. Photovoltaic panels on roofs, in large urban centres, so that no Greek is driven into energy poverty. And I want to say here from Trikala. That already in Europe they are discussing a large part of the ETS after 2030 to pay for houses and cars. But who have the most energy-intensive houses and cars in Greece and Europe? But the poorest Europeans and the poorest Greeks, what are we going to tell them then? That they did not know that in 2023 from Trikala I was saying that all parties should commit themselves to a green transition and social justice for all Greeks and not cry over the broken bones after 2030, as they did with the memoranda. We look and talk with an eye to the future. That is why we are building the relationship of trust and honesty with all Greeks, with all Greeks and especially with the younger generation. And this party has a duty to talk about the future. A society that does not see the future and that does not take decisions that shield it and make it resilient is vulnerable to all international developments.

It is no accident, friends. After Lehman Brothers in 2007, PASOK executives were saying, "Take measures against Karamanlis, he didn't get them and we ended up with the memoranda. So we come today in 2023 to not cry 30 we say take measures all together, let us learn from the mistakes of all and not some remain unrepentant at the expense of you and your children.

Friends. The older generations who remember the good of the democratic party of the patriotic movement of the People's Movement of Andreas Papandreou have a duty to speak to the next generations. Who then imagined the golden years of post-independence? That there would be a neo-Nazi party in Greece. In the country that Hitler massacred, there would be a party that praises Nazism and neo-Nazism. That there would be a Holocaust denier party. Who would have imagined? That there would be people. In bloody Kalavryta. In Distomo. Who would choose this neo-Nazi formation. I want you to remember which party, from the first moment of the creation of Golden Dawn, did not campaign against it throughout Greece. We never talked about a good Golden Dawn, we never fished in the waters of neo-Nazism and the extreme right. And I want Mr Tsipras to tell us today why he did not pass the law that prevents the participation of Golden Dawn, but I want Mr Mitsotakis to say? Why this law? He did not tell us to come together to ensure that the criminals who murdered Pavlos Fyssas are condemned from the very first moment. Why? Because they were letting them campaign in prison and looking at the polls the other way. As long as it seemed that they were not getting into parliament, Mr Mitsotakis was saying. Bigger remainder under 3% easier self-reliance for me when things turned around, he came to tell us to come to an understanding we from the beginning we stood in the way of neo-Nazism, we did not instrumentalize, we did not talk about a good Golden Dawn and every Greek democrat, every Greek liberal should remember this.

Friends here from Thessaly from the heart of the country's primary production. I would particularly like to refer to the problems that concern the Greek farmer, the Greek farmer. In recent years, the policies of the last governments have caused farmers to be abandoned to their fate. The rural population has decreased in one decade by 260,000 people and the cultivated areas. by 6.5 million acres. 1.3 billion euros in farm income was lost; production costs in the year from January 22 to January 23 increased by 22.4%. Increases in electricity, oil, feed and fertilizer. And what did the New Democracy government do to deal with these suffocating conditions that undermine the competitiveness of agricultural production? It gave, as John said. And following the path of SYRIZA, temporary allowances. But. 70% of our farmers have debts to public funds and the EFKA and of course to the banks the threat of seizures of farm property is stronger than ever. The implementation of the new CAP and its programmes is being significantly delayed, so that farmers do not know what will happen with their applications and when their investments will be subsidised. The new republic's handling of the new problem that has arisen with the shortage of foreign land farmers is robbing valuable hands, leaving our fruits rotting on their trees.

Friends. So this is where we must have commitments. So I pledge that if the people honour us. We will make a new contract of honour with the farmer and the peasant of our country, because as an old advertisement of ours before the '93 elections said, blood is not water. Does the rural people of the country know well which party it was that gave them substance, strength and dignity? So immediate implementation to support our producers, reduction of production costs especially for agricultural inputs, fuel, zero excise duty on agricultural oil for the entire duration of the crisis, with support for energy communities among farmers and production of energy from renewable sources, universal protection of agricultural land from seizures, establishment of the unconfiscated tax-free subsidies and compensation, aid to farmers. Updating the ELGA insurance regulation by extending coverage of livestock disaster coverage due to climate change, something the ministry pretends not to know. The whole process for the new CAP programmes to be completed within a year with specific dates for submission of evaluation applications and payments, enough of the hassle of bureaucracy. Abolish the runner-up beneficiary policy through proper planning of resources and not wasteful provision for decent housing, language learning for foreign farm workers with programs that will make them stay in our country so that we do not have to face what has been happening for the last year and a half that is creating a huge problem in the harvest and production.
Friends. But beyond that, we need a long-term vision for the primary sector. Which has as a priority the increase of the amounts available from the Recovery Fund for the green digital transformation of production and through organic crops and farms. Strengthening the competitiveness and extroversion of our key national products.

I say everywhere can not tourism. It should be a field of development that only concerns hotels, not the whole of Greece. If we become a vast hotel, all of Greece wins. If we link tourism with the primary sector and manufacturing, so that those 20 million people who come to our country can taste domestic products and ask for them in the supermarkets of their home countries during the rest of the year. Friends. It is our duty to support our cooperatives, to organise new networks, to ensure better financing, supply of supplies, research centres, promotion of quality products in international markets, creating the "Made in Greece" brand. Hundreds of Greek PDO and non PDO products must be on the shelves of supermarkets around the world in the coming years.

Our aim is to give prospects to our production and of course to create conditions of location in each region and subsidise the infrastructure of at least one agricultural park and create a corresponding export body. Agriculture based on knowledge, modernisation and change, the creation of agricultural schools to train young farmers in modern production needs and incentives for the employment of young people in agricultural production, tax reductions and concessions of public land and its use for new activities and collective producers, all of this. Make your children and grandchildren stay in Thessaly and be able to produce with dignity like you How are we going to deal with the demographic, if apart from the welfare state that we envision, there are no good jobs in all sectors of the economy and especially in the primary sector and manufacturing.

In conclusion. This speech. We are entering the final stretch of the great battle. The twenty-first of April. May. We, as you know very well, are the Party of Democracy. Of consistency and struggle. Which aims to embrace the struggles of all the Greek people. But how do you embrace the agonies of the Greek people? If you don't have a new political ethos? And what is the new political ethos? To prove that all attitudes. that brought us into the Memoranda are a grim past. Any politician who imitates. Bad practices of the past. Leads the country into new economic adventures. Or national. So we have made a decision and we are in debt every day with our action. To prove that we are not all the same. I am not the same as Mr Tsipras, nor am I the same as Mr Mitsotakis. We are not related. We have no links with the creation of digital gangs and digital parastatals that divide the Greek people and which both Mr Tsipras and now Mr Mitsotakis created with our taxes during their years of government. Do you know? It is different. To speak the language of truth? It is another to say, as Mr. Tsipras does, that we are with the victim of abuse. And at the same time.

Thousands of accounts drinking water in your name and its executives, like someone here in Thessaly, trying to discredit a woman who had the courage to report abuse.

So I'm scared. That the Left in our Greece. has gone from the left of caviar to the left of carnage. This is not the real left. The left is the one that respects human rights, the rule of law, and all these systems of parastate and digital gangs have nothing to do with it. This left is PASOK and the democratic party.

But what is liberalism? In democracy. In rights. Why does everything that has been happening in the last few days remind me of what happened last summer? The liberal and rights activist, Mr Mitsotakis. When he discovered. That I had been sent by the parastate that Predator that I was being followed by the NIS, of which he is the prefect. He said he said a half apology. And at the same time. Hundreds of his executives all over the country. Thousands of New Democracy trolls were saying well, we made him for why he is an agent of foreign powers these practices of the right we haven't seen for half a century and we have a duty to send them with Mitsotakis to the dustbin of history. So have you seen how similar they are? So have you seen how similar their practices are? They are playing nice themselves and their digital parastatals underneath are deconstructing human dignity whenever they need to in order to support their adventurism.

So that's why, friends, I ask you. Remember what PASOK is? PASOK is not a party. PASOK. It is a social history, a social current. Which united under our leader Andreas Papandreou the enormous inequalities of the post-civil war state, the enormous injustices towards the Greek people. The persecutions. So what is the debt of this movement now in 2023? It is to answer honestly. That they target me? Of our candidates, of our cadres. It is to confront every pathogen. It keeps the Greek people in the backwardness of the European Union. We represent a proud movement of democratic principles and values. That is why I call on you in the next 4 weeks in the next 30 days to take the effort of this democratic movement into your own hands. Hands expect nothing. From the domestic oligarchy. I expect a lot from all of you, from all Greeks, from all Greek women who want a better future for them and their children. So come and join our forces, join our struggles, join our hopes and make PASOK of the great democratic struggles the protagonist again. The message is clear, a strong PASOK means a new victory. New change, new hope, new prospects, a new perspective, a decision for change with Mr Mitsotakis and Mr Tsipa in the dustbin of history, a decision for change, a decision for brave reforms, brave changes that will bring social justice and national dignity, be well and good luck with our struggle here. The mass gathering from Thessaly shows that PASOK is strong and no matter how much we are beaten we will become even stronger. So let's fight together and fight fight fight fight fight. Our parliamentary candidates from all over Thessaly come on up. Raise the PASOK flags in the days of social justice, in the days of national dignity. Together we will fight the fight and together 21 May we will be victorious, bless you.
