Hello! Thank you very much for your presence and for your welcome here in beautiful Kos, in democratic Kos, in the democratic Dodecanese.

It is a great pleasure to be here among you tonight. And today I believe that all of us are present and present in a great invitation, a democratic invitation. A democratic call for the change that will come with the vote of the Greek people on 21 May.

I am very happy and excited to be here in Kos, in the Dodecanese. I know, and you know, that this invitation today, this democratic invitation, this very nice gathering, is missing a piece of our heart, a man, a great comrade who loved his country, who served his principles and ideas with vigour and dedication for his whole life: Nektarios Santorinios, whom we lost recently, and who, as Minister of Island Policy, did very important things for the Dodecanese and all the islands.

So the struggle that we will give for the Dodecanese and for the whole country will be his struggle as well. And I want to begin my speech by announcing that in his memory and in his honour, I will be a candidate in the Dodecanese, trying to fill this very large gap, but also trying to honour a place that has always been a pioneer in the democratic struggles of our people.

Nektarios, whom we lost so unjustly, had an important vision. An important vision that we put into practice, but today the government of the New Democracy is devaluing it. The transport equivalent for the islands and our islanders, who we do not want to be second-class citizens.

This measure, a breath of fresh air for the island country, has been left exposed with delays in payments and an uncertain future by the current government. Delays in payments to beneficiaries starting from 8 months and very often exceeding a year. In practice, these delays mine the smooth operation of the transport equivalence scheme, with the unstated political aim of devaluing it, devaluing a measure that has been embraced by islanders from the very first moment, precisely because it responds to their real needs. These delays do not even allow for a proper evaluation of this innovative, radical reform. In any case, to give you a measure of comparison, the 156 million per year that Syriza had budgeted for its implementation in 2019 alone is almost the same as the total amount that the New Democracy government claims to have spent over four years. What we budgeted for the first year, they will have spent for four full years. To give you a measure of comparison, how they are trying to discredit this measure.

So we, in the vision and memory of Nektarios, will put it back into practice. And we will put it into practice. And we will put into practice another of his visions that he himself did not have time to complete: after the transport equivalent, we will bring the health equivalent. This is a targeted package of interventions to combat health inequality between the island region and the centre. This package includes:

Firstly, the priority development of strong public health structures and services on the islands, with upgrading the salary scale of health personnel, with the tenure of health workers in service, with permanent recruitment, with the implementation of a special framework of incentives (salary, housing, tax and administrative) for the staffing and retention of NHS personnel in island regions.

Secondly, the use of even the private sector not contracted with EOPYY in island regions, when the public sector is unable to meet the need, by directly compensating citizens for the services they use, with the main criterion being to relieve them of additional health costs.

Thirdly, the full guarantee by the state of the access of islanders to the required health services outside their place of residence, if the necessary services are not provided either by the NHS or by the private sector in an island region. The full assumption of responsibility includes covering the relevant costs of travel and accommodation in the most complete part, whether island or central Greece, which has structures, health units and hospitals.

Fourthly, zero participation in the pharmaceutical costs of chronic patients (diabetics, heart patients, etc.) living on the islands.

This is the package of measures that we are committed to implementing, to make our islanders citizens citizens of equal opportunities and equal rights with all other citizens.

Because justice everywhere means above all equal access to health care for all citizens throughout the country. And that means priority for our islands, priority for island Greece. The Greece of the front line. This is what we want to fight for, this is what we want to serve.

Friends, citizens of Kos, less than a month is left from the day when we all expect that the people, with their vote, will take the big step towards justice and change. The day when they will say a decisive no to the regime of inexactitude, scandals, interceptions and corruption. To the Mitsotakis regime. And the big and decisive yes to SYRIZA -

Progressive Alliance and progressive government. And I am sure that nothing will be the same in this country on the night of May 21. Greece will leave behind four difficult, four hard years. It will leave behind insecurity, worry, anxiety and will take a first but decisive step towards hope and certainty. The first step towards justice everywhere in this country.

It is this thought, this vision, that I see is mobilising more and more people in every corner of our country, where I have been for the last few days, from one end to the other. Because Greek society is moving every day from scepticism, from reflection, from anger, to decision. And from decision to participation.

We know. We can. We will get Greece out of this swamp. And I want to tell you that this is a high moment, the moment of the people's verdict, above all the unity of a people. A people united by two words inscribed in its very identity.

The one word is our National Anthem itself. And the other is the reason why this people are known from all over the world. One word is Freedom, the second word is Democracy. Freedom and Democracy.

Freedom and democracy always lead us to the great dilemmas of the times. They have too many struggles, too many sacrifices, too much history behind them for anyone to desecrate them and subordinate them to personal self-interest.

I heard Mr Mitsotakis say in the last few days that the simple proportional representation is a trap for SYRIZA. And it does not, he says, harm New Democracy, but it harms democracy itself. And I wonder: I wonder how much fear this opinion exudes? How much fear in the face of the sovereign people.

Because what does it mean, other than fear, when a Prime Minister, even a Prime Minister who is supposed to enjoy the esteem of the people, denounces the simplest and most honest electoral system that has ever existed, the electoral system that ensures the authentic representation of political correlations, the equal participation of the citizen in decisions, the fairness of the vote?

The truth is simple. That's how they've gotten comfortable for decades. They said they had self-ruling governments when in fact they had minority governments of the Greek people. That's how they've been comfortable for decades. Miserable policies imposed by miserable means and with the people participating as much as, once every four years.

Just enough to perpetuate their power. It is, therefore, this "as much as" of the governments of the arrogant, the supposedly self-reliant but minority governments, that has brought Greece to the rocks. It was autocratic governments that bankrupted us. It was autocratic governments that arrogantly drove society to the brink of despair.

So instead of the political system being trained in dialogue and cooperation, in respect for the will of the people, our people should have been trained to distort their will. Well, then, the time has come for a

big change. And this big change has to do with the model, with the way of governance.

The time has come to say "no more" to this distortion of the will of the Greek people. In this election there will be no tricks, no bonuses to multiply votes. There will be no votes and no two-tier citizens.

On 21 May, what you vote for at the ballot box goes to the Parliament. That is why the mandate that SYRIZA will receive as the first party in the May 21 elections will be a clear mandate, an authentic and crystal clear mandate. It will be a mandate to form a strong, progressive government.

Because what is powerful is the genuine desire of an entire people, not the distortion of it through filters. Only this democratic desire, the popular majority, can and will give certainty and stable, long-lasting government. This popular majority will seal the great change and become the embryo of justice in our land.

And justice cannot be as much as that either. For where there is no justice, injustice reigns, the arrogance of power, the impunity of the oligarchy.

Justice must be a universal principle. Otherwise it does not exist. Justice must be everywhere. In the economy, in society, in the state. Justice is the foundation stone of the Greece we want to build. Because the Greece we have lived these four years does not deserve anyone who lives, works, studies, dreams with honesty and dignity in this country.

So I have here today in Kos to bring to all of you, citizens of Kos, of the Dodecanese, news about Mr Mitsotakis, who is afraid as the days go by and we reach the crisis of the people, he is very afraid and he shows it: So the time and the day of change is coming.

The day is coming when the voices of all will unite. The voices of the people who have unjustly lost their own people in the pandemic. We are the country with the worst death toll in proportion to our population.

The time has come to unite the voices of those who work unpaid twelve-hour days.

Those whose lives are being dynamised by the collection agencies.

Those whose homes are directly at risk of being auctioned off because the first home is no longer protected.

These young children with dreams for tomorrow and with determination for life, who these days are in their homes studying, working hard because they are competing in the national exams and dreaming of tomorrow. But they too have the right to vote and we need to talk to these children. We need to give them perspective, we need to give them a future, we need to listen to what they have to say.

So the time has come for all these voices from all over the country to come together and say two words: That's it! No more injustice, no more obscenity, no more indecency, no more dignity!

And I can say more next to the injustice, the obscenity, the unworthiness. I can add the word 'insecurity', because that is what the average citizen is experiencing today: Insecurity.

But let me also say "so much for those who believe that this society, this state, belongs to them. So let's say that it doesn't belong to them, it belongs to the Greek people, so that's it for family rule! We are a normal European country where the people decide!

But I said before that Mr Mitsotakis is very afraid and he shows it. He is so afraid that he does not dare to come to a television debate opposite me, face to face. On the one hand he says that the dilemma of the elections is Mitsotakis or Tsipras, but on the other hand he refuses to come and compare us, to develop our arguments in front of the Greek people. He is hiding!

He wants to be glorified by hiding. Or rather by being stoned by the journalists of his choice. Because it's understandable that he wants to hide from me, I get it. But hiding from journalists too? Choosing which anchorwoman to interview on the TV stations, lest he be asked anything outside of his own little tricks?

This is the first time I have seen such a prime minister so scared. Is his confidence that low? If it's so low, why don't they give him two or three polls with a 15-point lead? Because when they give him 5-6 he gets nervous.

But he did put out an election TV spot today. He dressed up as Syriza and told us that he wants better wages, an efficient state and a better NHS. Really, and for four years who has been running this country? His double? Why did he make things worse and now he tells us 'vote for me to make things better'? Who does he think he is fooling?

Soon he'll be throwing away his tie and shouting "Justice everywhere"! But we are not surprised, friends. The man who was nurtured on wiretapping phone conversations is now attempting to wiretap foreign ideological property. Once a wiretapper, always a wiretapper.

But let them be friends. Whatever he does, he cannot fool or frighten people. Because I think people are scared of themselves. But they are afraid of one thing: That this nightmare we've been living these years should not continue.

The very idea that there will be another four years of such a four-year gloom takes people's breath away. Mitsotakis leaves behind a society that has seen its income shrink. It has seen its life shrink. To wages evaporating like never before in the first fortnight of the month. In rent, in electricity, in fuel, in the supermarket.

It leaves behind a state that not only did nothing to protect its citizens against inaccuracy, but turned into a protector of cartels and obscenity.

He is leaving behind executives who were elected by the Greek people to represent them, and they were running to take away people's houses in the auctions, like the well-known Mr. Patsis, his MP, until recently.

It leaves behind the good guys of the party-state, those who fell like locusts in '19, to take revenge for being left out of the public purse for five years.

But the worst blow of this four-year term is that Mr Mitsotakis has struck at the pride and dignity of all those he is supposed to save: The so-called middle class. Remember when we were accused, when we were supporting the weak, of pursuing a policy of subsidies and redistribution of poverty at the expense of the middle class? Well, those who accused us then of subsidy policies have reduced the middle class to living on food stamps. Coupons at the supermarket, coupons to go to the petrol station, coupons to pay for electricity.

But that is their ultimate goal. That, you know, it didn't work, it worked. Because that's where their program for the next four years leads. Widening inequalities and squeezing the middle down. To put it simply, there's no room for a middle class in their plan. There is no room for the middle class and small and medium-sized entrepreneurship in the resources of the Recovery Fund, which will go to a few conglomerates by word of mouth and agreement.

There is no room for the middle class when the cartels have to make excess profits from food, fuel, services. There is no room for the middle class when you have to work without hours, black and undeclared, supposedly to make Greece competitive and supposedly to bring in investment.

There is no room for the middle class. There is no room for the grassroots. There is no room for young people, for pensioners.

So it is time to end this artificial normality of the most unformed, the most provocative, the most vulgar, I would say, injustice.

When a handful of companies are making super profits, record profits for twenty years, over 1 billion each, at the same time as household debt has increased over these four years by 40 billion euros, you realise that this is not an equation that works.

When there is no first home protection and for a few thousand euros the banks first, the funds now, take houses and businesses, in a country where the ruling party, which passes these laws to remove first home protection, has a debt to the banks of over 400 million euros, but nobody says anything about it. Things cannot go on like this.

Where 4,200,000 Greek citizens, that is half of Greece, have non-performing loan debts to banks, to funds, debts to the tax authorities, to the Social Security Fund. And 1,000,000 bank accounts have been seized in recent years.

It cannot go on like this. We cannot proceed like this when at the moment of the energy crisis, when every country is protecting its citizens, Mitsotakis SA. in Greece, what did it do? It privatised the PPC. We cannot proceed like this.

You can't give support to pensioners and in four years deprive them of 7 billion euros: 4.5 from the 13th pension, which at the time seemed to them to be "peanuts", but they said they would keep it and abolished it, and 2.5

billions from the retroactive payments made by the CoE, but they have been deprived and are depriving pensioners of them.

It is also not possible that in the last year alone we have 4.5 billion in excess revenues in the public coffers from indirect taxes and the consistently high VAT. Why? It is all over Europe, with this high inflation, they have reduced VAT. Here even today we have 14% inflation on food. But with the high VAT they fill the public coffers.

And where does this money go? Where do these subsidies go? It goes to the cartels to keep prices high and continue to get rich. This is the looting, the redistribution of income that has been targeted over the years.

This is the Greece of excellence, this is the famous, as they called it, "Greece 2.0". Where zero is for the many. For the few, the powerful, and 2 and 3 and 13. As long as it is the multiplication of their profits.

But their plan, my friends, has not only economic and social consequences. For as long as the country is governed in this way, without control, without accountability, with arrogance and deals, there are even greater dangers.

You know better than anyone that we have an unpredictable neighbour. It's right next door to you. History has ordered you to the front lines. And you recognise even more than anyone else the need for a serious, decisive and nationally responsible foreign policy. Now tell me what a resident of the Dodecanese can think when he sees the entries all over the European press about the so-called "Turkish-Georgia"? Turkaegean, that's what they called it. What can he think of the government of the super-patriots who let this happen? Did they get caught sleeping again? Did they not know? Didn't the clueless PM know again? It's not that they were caught napping. It's that they presented themselves to us as "excellent" but forgot to put an "X". "Useless", not "excellent"!

"I don't know" is the candy they keep saying. He did not know about Turkaegean, he did not know about the Tsiodra report, he did not know about the mortality rate in intensive care units, he did not know about the interceptions taking place in the office next door to him, he did not know, he said recently, about the railway disaster that led to the deaths of 57 of our fellow citizens. He didn't know what Mr. Patsy was doing, who was a crow and was taking people's homes. He didn't know that Mrs Mendoni appointed his chosen one to the National Theatre, Mr Lignadi. He didn't know anything. Ignorant. The clueless prime minister.

But I have one thing to say to you: He didn't know, he'll find out once and for all on May 21. Because that's where the games end. That's where the 'I didn't know' ends. Because those who go to the polls know how to judge and compare.

I want to tell you something: We are not only going strong to get rid of the right-wing, but to get rid of the worst right-wing government that has ever ruled the country. It's not just right-wing. It is a limited liability company, as the late Gennimata said. She first said it. "Maximou Inc." she said. "Mitsotakis Inc." I will say. It's the family name of the limited liability company.

So this government is even embarrassing the right-wingers, our conservative fellow citizens. So that is why I want the right to go, of course, but above all I want this government of great inequalities to go.

This government of precision, this government of wiretapping, this government that has shrunk the rule of law. This government that has taken us far away from European normality.

Political change, then, but above all - I say to you, our slogan, justice everywhere - is not an idea born in party offices. It is a need of our society. It requires the certainty of a plan and the forces that are capable of putting it into practice.

So first of all, we say we know, we have a clear plan. Anyone who votes for Syriza, votes for four things. I say them briefly so that we can imprint them in our memory and pass them on to the citizens we will meet in the coming period:

- Wage increases.

- Price reduction.

- Debt settlement.

- A fair and efficient state.

And we say that we know and we can. We know, because we are more experienced than ever, we know how to make it happen. In a safe way, with a clear sense of the context, with realism.

But what do they tell us? They keep telling us "what you are proposing is not realistic, where are you going to get the money?". Direct awards, benefits to big interests, selling off even water, which is a public good, are realistic for them. But when it comes to pro-people measures, measures to relieve the great majority, they are quick to put the label on: "It's not realistic". And they tell us, they are supposedly bringing back the bogeyman of bankruptcy that they brought us, which bankrupted this country in 2009 and 2015? Which party bankrupted this country?

The party that brought the country out of bankruptcy and that managed to get the country's neck - I say this metaphorically - out of the water, now they come to wag their finger at us and tell us that what we are saying is not realistic.

But they have a disadvantage, you know: The day before yesterday I came back from Berlin where I met Chancellor Scholz. From Berlin, after I met with Schäuble, I went to see him from Berlin, after I met with Schäuble at the European Parliament, after I met with him from Berlin.

But let's look at the measures we are proposing one by one and see: are they realistic?

Is it a realistic goal to increase the basic wage to 880 euros and to introduce an annual indexation so that every year, if inflation goes up, the wage goes up?

We say, yes, it's realistic. Because it will not only support thousands of households, but it will stimulate demand, revitalise the market, create jobs.

Is it a realistic goal to increase, after 14 years of not seeing a raise for public employees, by 10% when inflation has risen by over 10%?

in the last few years? We say, yes, it is, it's realistic. Because the economy can bear it. With 10 billion shared between them in direct awards, it would be enough for decent salaries in the public sector for many years to come, not just one year. But decent salaries in the public sector mean more productivity, better relations with the citizen, and of course stimulation of demand and the market.

Is it a realistic goal to reduce prices? Yes, it is realistic. By reducing VAT on food and essentials. In Spain, in other countries they have even introduced zero VAT on consumer goods and foodstuffs. Also by reducing the VAT on fuel to the lowest possible level provided for by the European Union and by abolishing the VAT on agricultural oil.

The public purse can bear this cost, all the more so as the price reduction will result in an increase in purchasing power and state revenues, while the popular strata and the middle class will benefit enormously.

We cannot refer to Europe a la carte. There is experience in managing the crisis of price stability in the European Union and tools that the Mitsotakis government has deliberately left unused. Because when they tell us that precision is imported, we answer them: Yes, but obscenity is Greek and has the stamp and signature of the Mitsotakis Government.

Is it realistic to put an end to this PPP party? Yes, we say, it is. Because the PPC is not a private peon of "Mitsotakis Inc." and its friends. It is a public electricity company. So it will be returned to the state with its main concern being the support of the consumer and production.

It is a realistic goal the debt settlement that we announced and described in detail a few days ago with the co-signature of the woman politician who linked her name with the protection of the first home, the middle class and the weak in Greece during the difficult years of the memoranda, Lucas Katseli. Is it realistic? We say yes, it is realistic. With the protection of first homes, commercial housing and agricultural land, with transparency, taxation and control over the activity and transactions of funds.

With the 120 instalments and the cancellation of part of the nominal value of the debt, as we did for the debts to the Social Security Funds of freelancers in 2018, we will give breath, but we will also give the economy the opportunity to function. Because as long as these debts keep piling up, no one and nothing will move forward. No one will be paying back.

But is it realistic to have an NHS that is strong and accessible to all? We say, yes, it is. It is difficult, but it can be done. Because there is nothing more realistic and necessary, in a modern democratic society, than protecting people's health and lives. No cost compares to the cost of a life needlessly lost.

This is our plan and this is our guarantee. The road map we will follow, the map of political change. And what we say, what we

what we propose, what we design, is the result of our experience and our relationship with society.

So can these things be done? Many are asking themselves. Can you do them when you are faced with big interests, with corruption and this regime of corruption?

I answer, we answer, without any reservation: yes, we can. Yes, we can: That everything we say and aim for, everything we envision, is embraced by the majority of our people. And the majority of our people will believe in them. We can make all this happen if you can believe it and fight to make it happen together. After all, you have known us well for so many years.

You know that we are different from others. Sometimes we have made mistakes, no doubt about it, but you know we are different. We are not all the same. We are not scions, we are not professionals in power, we do not belong to dynasties that have been ruling the country for decades.

You met us, we met in battle. In the battle for a better society, a more just society. To get Greece out of the quagmire of bankruptcy. When with the country bankrupt, broken, we were forced to clean up the mess left by those who came before us. That's where you met us, that's where we met.

We didn't create this state, the state with buffet, with corruption, with corruption, with corruption. We did not create this public debt. We left in '19 a debt regulated and 356 billion in public debt. It has now gone to 400 billion, four years of Mitsotakis' government.

We were in the most difficult times that the Greek economy and the country found itself in the previous administration. And we had an obligation to make sacrifices to get the country out of the swamp that others had thrown it into.

To settle the debt that others have accumulated and to collect 37 billion in the Public Treasury. That's how much we left. The others left it empty. We didn't put that money in our pockets, in our accounts, we didn't funnel it to some offshore. We don't have offshore companies, others have offshore companies. We have a clean political record.

We have made mistakes, but in the service of a good policy. We have made mistakes and learned from them. But we also left the Public Treasury full, the debt regulated, and Greece out of the memoranda and in the markets with twelve quarters of growth.

And they came and found them ready. They found the money in the funds, they found the debt regulated, they found the economy on track. And instead of having the obligation, as we did, to raise 40 billion, they were able to spend 60.

And I want you to ask yourself? If instead of having the obligation to raise 40, we had the discretion to spend 60, where would the country be now? What would be the result? What would the balance sheet be? Rest assured that our hospitals would have stood on their feet, social cohesion would have been strengthened, wages and pensions would have seen increases, the weak would have seen a white day, the welfare state would have been there to support you, and we would have had a better future.

But now the perpetrators of the bankruptcy, the perpetrators of the disaster, the culprits of the social and economic tragedy, are wagging their finger at us. To go so far as to say the day before yesterday - said Mr Mitsotakis - to say a few days ago, 'SYRIZA brought us the memoranda'.

His panic is great. But you know what? This is the classic fake news strategy used in Europe and the world by those who call the alt-right the far right - Trump, Trumpism has taught us this. They present the biggest lie as truth. But the Greek people do not eat grass. The time is approaching when we will all be judged by this people. And it is worthwhile on the way to the polls, friends, every undecided, every citizen, whatever they voted in the last election, to ask themselves: If we have succeeded in these difficult circumstances, is it not realistic to succeed now that the country is out of the memoranda, now that there are no constraints, now that for the first time we have the freedom to follow our own programme, our own policy?

So we can. The diptych of our realism is: We know - we can. So when people tell us that Syriza wants a second chance, we answer them: We want the first chance to govern on the basis of our own plan, on the basis of our own programme, on the basis of our own strategy. And this will be an opportunity not only for SYRIZA, but also for Greece, for Greek society.

Citizens of Kos, citizens of the Dodecanese, I have tried in two words, in short words - not two, but enough - but as short as I could, to describe to you our road map to the elections. The road we want to take together to return justice to the country. And to finally set the country on a path of optimism and hope.

But there is an important precondition for all this, a first important step that will change the status quo and the acquired speed of a policy that leaves behind a disastrous landscape. And this step - and I say this neither as a figure of speech nor to vote for, nor to exclude the choice of citizens to a looser vote - I say it because this is the reality, I say it because the elections of proportional representation are not the elections of looser voting. They produce governments. On May 21, we will have correlations that can produce a government without having to go to a second or third political election of instability, uncertainty and adventure for the country. So the precondition is that on the evening of 21 May, SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance must be first, clearly first at the ballot box, in the popular verdict.

And I'll tell you as simply as I can: If this regime that has plagued us for four years must be defeated, the vote that will make it defeated, the vote that will make New Democracy lose, is the vote that will make Syriza win. There is no other version.

The vote that hurts the establishment more than any other vote, then, is the Syriza vote. Because there is no change, both mathematically and especially politically, without a SYRIZA victory. There is no breathing space without a SYRIZA victory.

Only a SYRIZA victory means a mandate for change and a progressive government on the next election day.

Only the victory of SYRIZA puts the forces that dynastise Greece on the sidelines and brings society to the forefront.

Only the victory of SYRIZA gives a progressive government on May 22, without adventures.

Only a victory for SYRIZA will impose a progressive government of cooperation with the will of the people, for the first time in the country.

And don't listen to the fear propaganda of the fearful, they are fearful and they want to turn their own fear into the fear of society. Don't listen to them.

Losers never form a government. Governments are always and everywhere formed by the winners. And we will be winners on May 21! And we will form a government of progressive cooperation!

The progressive government will be the product of the victory of SYRIZA, but also of the victory of the Greek people. It will be the product of your victory.

That is why I urge you, from today until the polls, in the next 30 days, not to waste any time. Let's get together house by house, neighborhood by neighborhood, talk to people. We don't have the media to do propaganda for us. But we do have the arguments. We have our clear and honest political speech; we have our proposals. We have our programme!

These are the weapons we want to use in this crucial election. I therefore call on you to become the agents of the great change that the country needs.

Be the change we expect to see on May 21. And let us once again, with pride, give the lead to SYRIZA and the Democratic Party in the Dodecanese! In this democratic land that has a great tradition of struggles for democracy. Which has always held high the banner of the struggles of our people for democracy, freedom and progress!

I want to thank you warmly for your very warm presence here in Kos today, for a great victory rally here in Kos. And to take the message from Kos to Rhodes, to Karpathos, to Kalymnos, to Tilos, to all the islands, to all the Dodecanese.

Let's go together for the big victory. And I will be by your side in this fight. Both as a candidate and tomorrow from any position, and especially from the position of Prime Minister, to support the Dodecanese. To support our islands, to support our islanders.

Because "justice everywhere" means priority for our islands.

Hello! Good power!

Good matches and with victory!