Thank you very much for the welcome.
 It seems, it is destined from this stadium, from this city, from Kalamata, to take the first step towards the great victory, the first step towards the elections of May 21, which will bring political change and justice.
 This is the message we are sending here today from Kalamata.
 The message of determination and the message of hope.
 The message that the progressive government that the country needs will become a reality in a few weeks from today.
 With a clean front, with a clean political record, with clean proposals, with clean hands, we claim the vote of the Greek people to change the country.
 To bring justice back to this land.
 And I know, I see it in your faces today, that we will succeed.
 Because we are more ready, more mature, more experienced, but also more determined than ever to do so.
 We learned from the battles we fought.
 From the difficult roads and the traps we crossed.
 From the victories we achieved.
 Even the things we wanted to do but failed to do.
 But we will win this difficult battle, the battle for change with justice in our country.
  And we will win it together with the people, without their strength, you know, no project can succeed.
Because, I say it many times, no matter what city in the country I find myself in, change is all of you, change is each of us.
 Change is the worker, the unemployed, the young, the small and medium-sized, the farmer, the pensioner, who is demanding a better tomorrow.
 Change is the people who produce and create with their hands, their minds, their entrepreneurship, their sensitivity.
  The change is all those who with responsibility and determination will go to the polls on May 21, to say the big NO to the regime that has dynastized Greece for the last four years and to say the big YES to SYRIZA Progressive Alliance, for a progressive government that will change the country.
But in this crucial electoral battle we all come with the weight of grief and anger.
  When young people take the train and instead of ending up in the arms of their families they end up in death, then it is time for us all to say a phrase, no matter what we believe, no matter what party we voted for, no matter what ideas we are moved by: to all of us a phrase comes: That's it.
 No more.
 All the ugliness of the state, which was advertised as an executive, supposedly, met in the valley of Tempe with dramatic consequences.
  The dismantling of the public sector and every structure for the protection of people, the insistence on blurred agreements for the speculation of big interests, partisanship, corruption, bribery, bribe-taking, the indifference not only to the everyday life of ordinary people, but also to life itself.
This unspeakable tragedy is not a matter for electoral exploitation.
 And that's why you will have seen that we, unlike what was done at that time in other times when we had dramatic events again, did not attempt to make a toxic discourse on the death of 57 people.
 We are different we are not the same, we are of another quality we are.
 This is not a matter for electoral exploitation.
 But it is a wound, a wound open.
 It's a wound for the 57 families who lost their own people.
 It is a plague for millions of Greeks.
 For all of us.
 And the debt of respect to those who have unjustly lost their lives now translates into a debt for the truth.
 Because respect for practice means above all respect for truth.
 No inexpensive and hypocritical apologies.
Because one month after this unspeakable tragedy, dramatic questions still hover over Greek society: why the telecommunications centre in Larissa, which was destroyed by a fire in July 2019, remains almost 4 years old.
 If only this had worked, the tragedy would have been avoided.
 Why they broke the law to appoint the fatal stationmaster.
 Why did the Minister, with a photographic ministerial decision, come afterwards, five days after the appointment, to make him permanent?
 Why were unqualified and untrained station masters placed in critical positions.
 Because in the summer of '19 there were 1.
200 permanent employees in OSE and especially in Larissa 25 stationmasters and today there are only 750 employees in OSE and only 10 stationmasters in Larissa.
 Because the GSM-R system, which had been fully delivered, which enables telecommunications between trains and stations, had been fully delivered and staff fully trained to use it by 2019, 4 years later it is still not operational.
 Why did the OSE-TRAINOSE contract, which initially provided for the obligation for 600 million investments by the Italian company and the obligation of the State to proceed with the infrastructure upgrading and safety projects, finally came to the Parliament and was passed without providing either the 600 million or the implementation of the safety projects?
 Because finally, the next day of the accident and while the Justice Department had already been involved, the Prime Minister rushed to appoint a three-member committee of experts for the accident.
 Where did you hear that, that the auditees themselves appoint their own auditors.
 These are the big questions that remain unanswered today, one month after this tragic accident.
And how do the responsible government and the responsible Prime Minister answer these questions?
  They answer without answering.
 They respond in terms of hypocrisy, communication and lies.
 In terms of covering up their responsibilities.
 The first day it was the stationmaster's fault.
 The second day was the fault of the Regulatory Authority.
 The third day was the fault of the previous government.
 Who else.
 THE SYRIZA.
 Four years in power, it was SYRIZA's fault.
  On the fourth day they were all to blame.
 The political system, the long-standing pathologies, the bad state, the guilds.
 Everyone, so no one in particular.
 All but one.
 There are 10 million responsibilities in the country, there is no one responsibility: The Chief of Staff of the State, the Prime Minister.
 The irresponsible Prime Minister.
 Because it looks like Mr.
 Mitsotakis is not Prime Minister of Greece, but he is Prime Minister of his country "I didn't know".
 He didn't know that outside the ICU, our fellow citizens who are intubated die.
 He did not know that his nephew had set up a parastate inside Maximos and was watching half the political system.
 He did not know that the Minister of Culture had named Mr.
 Lignadi.
 He didn't know what Mr.
 Patsis, Mrs.
 Nikolaos, Mr.
 Condoleon, the army of the unqualified in his government.
 And of course he knew nothing, he had not heard, he had not been informed that the Minister had left the railway in ruins.
 He knew nothing.
But he knew very well to bring to the House yesterday for a vote in a bill that was supposed to be measures to support the families of the deceased, dozens of pre-election arrangements, last-minute buffet favors.
 He also knew to bring in yesterday to vote for the unconstitutionality of the Committee of Experts, which they themselves appointed to control them.
 So that no one can question them.
 Nor does the law.
And the question is: Why unprosecuted.
 What exactly are those who are supposedly appointed to bring the truth to light afraid of?
 Anyone who wants to get the truth out has no reason to be afraid.
 The truth is not scary.
 Those who want the cover-up have reason to fear.
 But I fear that this government is constantly clinging to the logic of cover-up.
 It invokes confidentiality for those called upon to tell the truth.
 Remember what happened in the wiretapping case.
 And impunity for those who call to cover up the truth.
 This is the government of the cover-up.
 But unfortunately for them, unfortunately for all of us with what we are living through, but unfortunately for those who are stuck with the logic of the cover-up, the time when this could happen has come to an end.
 The road of the cover-up has finally ended in a dramatic way in Tempi, in the valley of Tempi.
 And the next progressive government has an obligation, a moral duty, to give ample space to the truth.
 And no unconvicted is going to apply to anyone after the political change.
 Let everyone know that.
Friends, citizens of Kalamata, Tempi was the straw that broke the camel's back.
 The fateful and tragic moment that showed the whole Greek society in a tragic way that those who hold the fate of the country in their hands do not care about the many.
 They don't care.
  This is the truth.
 They care about themselves, they care about the interests with which they are intertwined, they care about state officials.
 They care about the appropriation of public funds, they care about the cover-up but not for the many, not for the citizens of this country.
 We lived the drama of the pandemic.
 Tens of thousands of people who could have been saved perished.
  We are told that the pandemic is a global phenomenon.
 But what they didn't tell us is why Greece was in the first place in terms of deaths in population ratio in the whole western world.
Why they didn't strengthen the NHS and its people also they didn't tell us.
 Why, instead of strengthening the NHS and its people, they have dismantled the NHS and are organising the invasion of the NHS by speculation.
 We have lived and we are still living today, the energy crisis, the crisis of price stability.
 We were told that this is also imported.
 That the war in Ukraine is to blame.
  But they didn't tell us why Greece is the most expensive country in terms of electricity and petrol prices in Europe.
 We are not told why they allow energy providers to make sky-high profits.
We are not told why they are subsidising obscenity from the public purse, through the bills.
 They didn't tell us why they sold off the PPC when they knew an energy crisis was coming.
  They talk to us about an imported price crisis, but they hide the fact that the obscenity is not imported but is Greek, it is the result of their policy.
We also lived through the great wiretapping scandal.
 The scandal of the abuse of the rule of law.
 It has been proven by the Independent Authority, with evidence and proof that half of the political system, journalists, businessmen, the leadership of the army, MEPs, party leaders, ministers, were all under illegal surveillance.
  From where: From the NIS, which was transformed again from NIS to CIB, the National Intelligence Agency.
 On behalf of the Mitsotakis regime.
So from the Maximos mansion these surveillance is done.
  And we haven't seen anyone held accountable for that.
 We have not seen anyone charged with this crime.
 In any civilized democratic country, in any European rule of law, such a scandal would have led to the resignation of both the government and the perpetrator, first of all, the Prime Minister himself.
 But no one is giving up, no one is apologizing, it's a normality of what is happening and the Prosecutor of the Supreme Court, instead of trying to solve the crime, is trying to find a way to prevent the revelations and to terrorize those who reveal the crime.
This is, unfortunately, the Greece of Mr.
 Mitsotakis.
 Greece of inexactness, corruption, anarchy, family rule, Greece of institutional collapse, Greece of injustice.
 And this Greece does not deserve us.
 Whatever we are, whatever we believe, we don't deserve.
 Whether we are left-wing, centrist or right-wing, this Greece does not deserve us.
 I said it this morning in Argos.
 Nobody, neither right-wing, nor left-wing, nor centrist, wants injustice, cannot live with this injustice.
 They advertised an executive state and eventually built an incompetent, inefficient, family, partisan state.
 A State A.
Ε.
  They act as if they own the country.
 Like they own this country.
 They made family rule and buffoonery the norm.
 They undermined the authority and independence of the judiciary in a provocative manner.
They have reached the point where their party owes more than 400 million in loans and loans to banks, Greek taxpayers' money, and they are not ashamed to impose the housing grab on the most vulnerable.
 They are not ashamed to give millions of euros in loans to ministers, while the new bankruptcy law that they have voted for persecutes thousands of small and medium-sized businesses with auctions, for a few thousand euros of debts.
 They keep hiring police officers instead of hiring teachers, hiring teachers, hiring doctors, for the NHS.
 They dismantle public health, education, every social protection structure.
They organized the biggest income redistribution that has ever happened in the country since the post-independence period, in two ways: By subsidizing with state money, keeping VAT and excise tax high at a time when inflation has gone through the roof, thus increasing revenues to the Public Treasury by looting consumers to subsidize what: subsidies, to go to energy companies, refineries, supermarkets.
And at the same time, through the invasion of the funds in the loans of the citizens, with all sorts of crows that they had even in their own Parliamentary Group and pretend not to understand that they have them in their Parliamentary Group, the honorable Mr. Patsis, they organized and organize the greatest redistribution of wealth that has happened in the country since the post-war period.
From the many to the few.
 From the middle class to the powerful and the funds.
  They promised, before the 19 elections, that they would support the middle class.
 And what has become of the middle class in our country today?
 Living on coupons.
 With coupons in supermarkets, with coupons in petrol stations, with coupons for electricity, everywhere with coupons.
They abolished the eight-hour working day and imposed a labour jungle.
 They have ennobled Culture in cement and antiquities and left Art and the world of Art, without support, without rights, without a future.
  But, what else is Greece if it is not its culture.
 what else is our country if it is not culture and if we do not support culture and the people of culture, how can we have a future.
And the most outrageous thing is that by taking advantage of the extraordinary circumstances of the pandemic they changed the laws and managed, how they managed it is a big question, but they managed it, to distribute almost 10 billion euros through direct awards and closed tenders, mostly to companies that were set up three days before the award of the project.
This is the Greece of Mr.
 Mitsotakis.
 And this Greece hurts us all.
 And I want to address today, not only to the Left and the Left, the progressive and the progressive, but also to the conservative citizens.
 I am absolutely sure that this party and this Greece that Mr.
 Mitsotakis, neither can conservative citizens deserve, nor can conservative citizens feel comfortable.
 But they feel ashamed.
 That's why the day after the elections, regardless of which party we belong to, regardless of what ideas we have, we have to see what day will dawn on us.
 If this government and this Prime Minister are given a mandate to renew their mandate, those who broke the rule of law with the wiretaps, those who destroyed the state itself with the buffets, those who organized this great plundering of wealth redistribution, what else will they do if they are completely unaccountable for another 4 years?
It is therefore a national obligation and duty to fight together to keep society standing.
 Let us all fight together for a great political change that will mean a change in our daily life, a change in our lives.
 With more justice and prosperity for all.
 And I believe that this Greece that is hurting us, we must and we can change it.
 To defeat the perpetrators of economic and national decline.
 Defeat the stereotype that suits them.
 What is the stereotype.
 "Everyone is the same, nothing changes".
 Yes, it can change.
 And no, we're not all the same.
 We are not all the same.
 One can accuse us of many things.
 For mistakes, for wrong choices.
 There is one thing we cannot be blamed for: For our honesty.
 For our clean front.
 For our clean hands.
 We took over the country in conditions of disintegration and bankruptcy.
 We worked hard to get the country out of the mire of bankruptcy.
 We made mistakes.
 Yes, we made mistakes.
 But we got the country out of the memoranda, we regulated the debt.
 We left 37 billion in the public purse.
 We didn't give 10 billion in assignments.
 We did not fill the Public Utility Companies with red golden boys as they have been filled with blue golden boys, grasshoppers looting the public purse.
 It's not in our DNA to profit, to be profligate.
 In our DNA is justice, it's honesty, it's humanity.
 We care about society.
 Because we are part of this society.
 This is our difference.
 These elections, friends, are a historic opportunity to answer the crucial dilemmas that stand before us.
 What are these crucial dilemmas:First of all: Truth or cover-up.
 Honesty or corruption.
 Democracy or family rule.
  Justice for all or privileges for a few.
 These are the crucial dilemmas, these are the big questions that every Greek is called upon to answer on May 21.
 I am sure that the answer that he will give at the polls, the important answer that the Greek people will give, will be: Justice.
 Justice everywhere.
 Because the need and the demand for justice permeate today the entire Greek society.
And you know, we're beginning to understand this now, all of us.
 When we walk in the streets, when we talk in cafes, when we go out in the squares.
 The climate has changed.
 Let them put numbers and bars on the news reports.
 We know them well, the real numbers and the real correlations.
 We see them in the neighbourhoods, in the workplaces, in the squares and in the cafes.
 We see them, we know the real correlations.
So today, from here, from Kalamata, which as I said at the beginning of my speech is significant, from here we started the great battle, the great political march for the great victory in 2015, from here we start today.
 So from here, from Kalamata, I want to invite you all together to co-sign this national plan that the country needs, a national plan for the uplift and regeneration of our country.
 And this plan has two words: JUSTICE EVERYWHERE.
 It is the plan for the reconstruction of the state, it is the plan for the recovery of the economy, it is the plan for the strengthening of social protection, but also for the necessary breathing space for democracy itself.
 Our national plan seeks to put the country back on the path of European normality.
 Note the irony, those who were demonstrating saying "we are staying in Europe" are the ones who have led the country today miles away from what Europe means.
 Why Europe means above all the rule of law.
So what we want to do is to make Greece, to make Greece a normal European country again.
 Fighting glaring inequalities.
 With a slogan that I think you will also like, because it's catchy, short, simple and to the point.
What it means to vote for SYRIZA.
 It means higher wages, lower prices, debt regulation and an efficient state.
 This is what a vote for SYRIZA Progressive Alliance means.
 So our plan is to raise wages, lower prices, regulate debts and have an efficient state.
 And it seeks to support the middle class by redressing the injustices against it.
 It seeks to support the forces of production so that Greece can produce more wealth, but distributed to the whole of Greek society, without leaving those who produce the wealth on the sidelines.
 We aim to change the production model.
 Invest in human capital, in highly qualified young scientists.
 Humane and modern working conditions and pay for all workers.
We aim to boost healthy entrepreneurship and investment in strategic sectors of the economy.
 We aim to protect the right to work, the right to housing, the right of every young person to quality education, the right of every pensioner to a decent pension, the right of every citizen to decent health care.
Our national plan provides that as the first act of justice from the first days of progressive governance, we will abolish all those laws and regulations that put a barrier to the freedoms and rights of the citizen and remove any barrier to the impunity of the privileged.
 We aim to immediately put an end to:The jungle labour regime.
The plundering of the first home.
On the criminal immunity of bank executives.
Tax immunity for companies speculating in electricity, oil and essentials.
We will put an end to those obstacles that block the way, block young people, lock the doors of universities to thousands of young people and have led almost all the universities in the region to decline.
 We will change, yes.
 We will abolish the university police.
 Why we want to appoint teachers in schools and not police officers.
 Police officers will return to the neighbourhoods to protect against organised crime.
And, of course, we will put an end to the downward spiral, the downward slide, the dismantling, the privatisation of the NHS.
 Because without a strong NHS, there can be no sense of security in Greek society.
 We will also put an end to the institutional devaluation of people of culture and the downgrading of their degrees.
 The institutionalisation of the violation of the confidentiality of communications.
 In violation of rights.
But what's about ending the negative effects of the laws that have been passed over these four years, what's about what we're going to repeal, is only the first chapter in our plan.
 Because the next, many more chapters are not about what to stop, what to permanently remove from our lives, but about what to create.
 They have to do with what we build, they have to do with what we build.
 And what we want to build is step by step to make our vision of justice everywhere a reality.
 And let me tell you today, as succinctly as I can, what this vision that we have, what our vision means.
 what justice means everywhere, what justice means in our everyday life, what can change in our lives.
First of all, justice in society for us means and we will put it into practice from the very first days of the progressive government: immediate and drastic measures to fight against inexactness, to put an end to obscenity.
 How.
 First of all, with the nationalisation of the PPC and the ridding of the unqualified who have turned it into a tool of speculation.
 By protecting vulnerable consumers from power cuts.
 By imposing a cap on the wholesale and retail price of electricity and retail pricing of gas and oil products.
Because we believe that justice, when we go through a crisis, is for everyone to back up.
 Not some people making billions and the vast majority of the Greek people not being able to make it through the month.
 But what does justice at work mean?
 Justice in work and in wages means: An increase in the minimum wage in the private sector to 880 euros, from the very first days of government.
 And the introduction of the Automatic Price Indexation on an annual basis.
 It means raising the salaries of all civil servants by 10%, as much as inflation in the last year, because they haven't seen increases since before the memoranda.
Justice at work means the introduction of a mechanism for the unfreezing of triennials and for indexation in the private sector as well.
 It means the restoration of collective labour agreements.
 It means the re-establishment of the Labour Inspectorate.
 It means restoring the 8-hour week and abolishing unpaid overtime.
But what does justice in the economy mean in general?
 Justice in the economy means that from the very first days, we will introduce a tax-free rate of 10.
000 for all: Freelancers, employees, pensioners, farmers, block workers.
 Justice in the economy means reducing VAT on foodstuffs to the lowest rate, as has been done in Spain.
 And a reduction in fuel excise duties to the lowest rate provided by the European Union.
 It finally means the abolition of the business tax.
 It means protecting the first home, agricultural land and commercial property from auctions.
 It means 120 instalments and a haircut on the basic debt for public debts.
 It means rules in the operation of funds and a public pillar in our banking system.
Let me explain a little bit what I mean: Governments, my friends, are not subservient to the banks.
 Governments are not for ministers to come out and pretend to be puppets and say "we exchanged binges with the bankers".
 Governments are there to legislate and enforce laws, even on bankers.
 So our position towards the Banks is clear.
 Lately they've been making excess profits.
 Why.
 Why they are keeping deposit rates stuck and have gone to hell with lending rates.
 And those who have taken out a loan, with variable interest rate it can be even 200, 250 euros, it can go up to 300.
 In a time of frightening prices, when everything is getting more expensive around us.
 This is not tolerable, it cannot be tolerated by Banks that are alive, because the Greek taxpayer has given his blood to be alive.
 With three recapitalisations and the so-called deferred tax.
 So, what we are clearly saying that we are going to introduce is an extraordinary tax for the banks in order to raise the money needed to support consumers who currently have a variable rate loan.
And at the same time we will legislate to implement substantial regulations - a breathing space for borrowers.
  We will also not allow the full privatisation of the National Bank.
 Because we aim to transform the National Bank into what its name says: National Bank.
 Public pillar of the banking system.
 So we will prevent harmonized practices, we will direct financial instruments to the real economy, on the basis of the national development strategy, we will implement a public interest oriented policy for the management of red loans, and we will establish a specific regulatory framework for the transparency of banking transactions and for the operation of the so-called Claims Management Companies, the so-called servicers who are currently chasing citizens to eat their marrow and to make auctions.
Because fairness in the economy, my friends, means that everyone should have access to bank finance, not just the big and powerful.
 Today, 96% of businesses in our country, small and medium-sized enterprises, cannot even pass through a banking institution.
 While 4% take out and take out and take out loans.
So, this will end with a progressive government.
 Because, fairness in the economy means that everyone has equal access to finance, it means that everyone can have a fair arrangement on their loan and not just the Papathanases, to cut their loans and the vast majority of the Greek people can't afford to pay for the auctions and the persecutions.
This is justice in the economy.
 But we also want to bring justice to pensions.
 For retired people, for the workers.
 What they told you all these years, do you remember.
 That it was SYRIZA who butchered you.
 13 consecutive reductions made by the Samaras government, they forgot about them.
 And what did they say to you at the end, when we resisted the terrible pressures of the Troika and the institutions and did not cut a single euro?
 That we swapped pensions for Macedonia, that's what they said, that's what their miserable propaganda said.
 When we took the decision to defend our national interest, when we took the decision to close a major wound in our foreign policy.
And today, with everything that is happening around us, the war in Ukraine, the pressures that even the Scandinavian countries want to join NATO, what would happen today if we did not solve this issue in a fair and privileged way for the country?
 Why was our ancient cultural heritage recognized, why are Greek F-16s flying over the airspace of our neighbours today?
 What would happen today.
 Today those who then wore helmets and went out on the street would sign with two hands the NATO membership of our neighbours with the name Macedonia.
 That would be today.
So they said that we would supposedly trade the pension issue.
 And they said that, because, what did they expect, what did they beg.
 They begged us to be the ones to cut pensions.
 And what they did as soon as they got here.
 As soon as they came in, while they had promised that they would keep what we called the 13th pension, which was over 1 billion a year, they abolished it all at once.
 Four years have passed, €4 billion have been lost to pensioners.
 So justice in pensions means restoring the 13th pension introduced in 2019.
 Justice in pensions means returning all retroactive payments in 3 annual instalments and restoring the injustices created by the personal difference.
 As well as the abolition of the privatisation of supplementary insurance.
 But we want to create conditions of justice for mothers too.
 And that for us means: Increase and conversion of the child benefit into a mother's allowance and granting it to the mother from the birth of the child until the age of 24, regardless of her studies.
Justice for mothers, it means special maternity leave for self-employed women, freelancers and farmers and above all it means, and this is for young couples, nurseries for all children This means justice for young couples and especially young women, young mothers.
 But justice for young couples means more than that.
 It means affordable housing with low rents through the creation of a housing bank and the control of Airbnb.
 Means doubling the rent allowance.
But what is justice in health?
 Huge issue of Health.
 I would say, perhaps the most critical thing we need to be concerned about.
 Because we all have experience of the devaluation of public hospitals.
 So Justice in our Health means: immediate recruitment 5.
500 permanent health workers and the recruitment of an additional 10.
000 over three years.
 It means the tenure of health workers who fought the battle of the pandemic on the front line and then were applauded by some.
 Then they were forgotten.
 It means the inclusion of health personnel in the heavy and unhealthy.
  It means a payroll reshuffle with a starting salary of 2.
000 and incentives for new doctors to join the NHS.
Justice for Education also means hiring teachers and professors.
 20.
000 appointments of permanent teachers of primary and secondary education over four years.
 Doubling state funding to universities and the number of faculty members over four years.
 Free postgraduate programmes.
 Restoration of the Two-Year Study Programmes.
 Increase in the number of admissions to universities with the abolition of the Minimum Base and free access to low-demand schools.
I want to leave last in this attempt to explain our motto, what justice in the state means, because it is also timely after what we have seen in front of us lately.
 Justice in the state means: Replacing the so-called executive state with a democratic, efficient and just state.
 With meritocracy and transparency structures.
 With a drastic limitation of secondments and direct assignments.
 Above all, it means an end to the party-appointed inappropriate station masters, the golden boys, the blue ones in the Public Organizations with the fat salaries.
 We want a state next to the citizen, at the service of the citizen.
 That engenders trust and security.
 We also want a Greek Police that fights crime and not collaborates with crime.
 That is why we will proceed immediately to reorganize, democratize and cleanse the Greek Police from sworn officers.
And we want a transparent and democratic NSA that deals with national security and the fight against organised crime.
 And not for half the political system to listen.
 We want an NSA to pursue Greekmafia, not to be run by Greekmafia as has been the case for the last 4 years with Mr.
 Mitsotakis.
 Finally, justice in the state means control of all public spending, including arms spending.
And I say this from here in Kalamata, where for 4 years now, New Democracy has achieved the following terrible thing: Tripling the cost of the Kalamata Air Training Center, it went up three times more than when we planned it.
 So I say this to make it clear: We will not tolerate games with the defense of the country.
 We will actively support the personnel of the Armed Forces, we will actively support the Greek Civilian Industry and we will control all the armament programs decided in the last three years.
 Euro to euro.
 Every euro of the Greek taxpayer for the defense of the country will strengthen the defense of the country and especially will strengthen the personnel of the Armed Forces, those who hold Thermopylae.
 All this, friends, is crucial, but justice everywhere without justice in justice, there can be no justice in justice.
  And this is very critical.
And justice in the judiciary means: strengthening its officials, but above all, its independence.
 With a comprehensive plan to restore the relationship of trust between the judiciary and citizens.
 Justice in Justice means speeding up the administration of justice, digitising it and improving its infrastructure.
 But it also means cutting the umbilical cord between the judiciary and the executive.
A few days ago in an interview with a television station, I was asked: "You don't trust the Supreme Court prosecutor, does that mean you don't trust the judiciary?".
 And I replied: just as politics is not Tsipras, just as journalism is not Pretenderis - he was next to me - justice is not one man, justice is not the Prosecutor of the Supreme Court.
 There are dozens, hundreds, of honest judges out there.
 They are the ones we want to support, they are the ones we trust, they are the ones we will give space to.
 With them we will break the abscess of the dependence of the judiciary on the executive.
 With them we will restore the sense of justice, the sense of trust of citizens in the institutions.
This is our vision, citizens of Kalamata, for Greece.
 To become a proper European rule of law, the citizen to know that he can find his right.
 Where injustice will not be the rule, but justice.
 And this will reflect every aspect of life and everyday life, in every single sector and in every single place.
 Because you know, inequalities do not only exist between social groups, but also between the centre and the periphery.
 Widening geographical disparities.
 I am happy that today I came to Kalamata by road, within 2,5 hours.
 Do you remember how long it used to take us to get here.
 You remember and know better than I do.
We inaugurated this project, this modern motorway, in conditions of tough, fiscal adjustment.
 The excellent people who ruled before us had left him stuck for years.
 Why.
 Obviously because the kickbacks weren't coming out.
 We have completed the road, in conditions of memoranda.
 So I want to say a few words about Messinia.
 Let me describe to you what justice for your country means in our plan.
 Justice for Messinia means, first and foremost, redirecting resources from the Recovery Fund for the implementation of the infrastructure that your prefecture needs.
And it's a critical size of the Recovery Fund issue.
 The redirection of resources is critical, because unfortunately, the New Democracy's plan is for the region to be the poor relation again.
 And what exactly are we going to do.
 With the exception of the Minagiotiko dam, no infrastructure project has been included in this critical financing programme in the Recovery Fund by the Mitsotakis government.
 So this will change with decisive intervention by the progressive government.
The connection with the Ionian Road and the ports of Patras and Igoumenitsa and the operation of a modern railway network with emphasis on commercial transport is our immediate priority.
 At the same time, the upgrading and development of the port of Kalamata as a transit centre for the entire southern Peloponnese will be our main objective for the next four years.
 The start of construction and the rapid completion of the road axis Kalamata - Rizomilos, which has been stalled by the government of the New Democracy, is also our priority.
 The Kalo Nero - Tsakonas motorway, as well as the Filiatro dam, are among our immediate priorities.
  While the Marathoupolis fishing shelter, a "personal bet" of Mr.
 Mitsotakis, which remains unfinished for 4 years, will be completed, it is our commitment.
Finally, the modernization of Kalamata airport.
 Every time Mr.
 Mitsotakis your city announces it, 4 years did nothing.
 Well, and this will be a priority and we will make it a reality.
 These are our commitments for your country.
 And with these commitments, I believe that we will put a stone in the way of justice for your city and for your place and for Messinia.
 Citizens of Kalamata and Messinia, I have attempted in this first, as things stand, meeting after the announcement of the date of the elections, to unfold our plan, to talk about our programme, about our commitments and to specify what justice means in every sector, in every aspect of everyday life, of our lives, but also what it means for your country.
 And I believe that the elections that we have ahead of us are a historic milestone.
 This is a crucial battle.
 Some say, especially Mr.
 Mitsotakis says this, that this is not this election, it's the next election, there will be some other elections.
 This election is, it's a simple proportional representation election.
 Yes, with the system that has parity of vote and representation within the Greek Parliament.
 We are told that with a system that pushes for coalition governments there can be no political stability.
 We tell them: Really, you're the ones who are saying these things.
 You want us to become Europe.
  Look at how many European countries have such a system and how many stable governments they have.
 And how much the parties in government actually discuss programmes.
 So the elections ahead of us are a milestone.
 Crucial station.
  And I'm afraid that Mr.
 Mitsotakis, realizing as the days go by that one thing is certain, that after May 21, he will not be a tenant of the Great Maximus, becomes day by day, a destabilizing factor for the country.
It blackmails with divisive discourse, with toxicity, and above all it poses blackmailing dilemmas.
 What he wishes.
 To lead the country in double, triple, quadruple elections until he comes out first and wins self-reliance.
 But the era of arrogant self-reliance is over.
 We need unity to move forward.
 Consensus and unity on a clear progressive programme of major, radical changes and transformations.
 I believe that a progressive government of cooperation is necessary for the country and for society.
 But it has a prerequisite for it to happen.
 And this is the precondition for SYRIZA to win the elections with simple proportional representation.
 On election night, SYRIZA Progressive Alliance to be the first party.
 The more clearly, the closer the progressive government will come.
 And you know, this is not an expression of some kind of arrogance.
 Reality dictates it.
  Because it is only the victory of SYRIZA that can ensure the defeat of New Democracy and Mr.
 Mitsotakis.
 Therefore, only victory will open the way for political change and impose an agenda of understanding and cooperation on the next election day for the progressive forces.
Mr.
 Mitsotakis has as his electoral goal self-reliance, and indeed identifies it with stability.
 We, although we were the government at the time, knowingly gave up the privileges of enhanced proportional representation and it was we who enacted a law that leads to partnerships.
 Why we believe in partnerships.
 We believe that stability requires democratic consensus, and governments of the broadest popular support.
  And not the arrogance and the authoritarianism and the uncontrollability of self-reliance.
 After all, it was self-reliance that led us to bankruptcy.
 Autonomous governments led us into bankruptcy.
Our people and citizens will therefore decide in a few weeks who and how they will govern the country.
 The people and the citizens are the ones who now hold the key to political change with a clear victory for SYRIZA.
 We have a plan, we have determination, we have experience from the difficult battles we have fought in the past and from the mistakes we have made and we know.
 We have those people, with vision and with experience, they may not come from political firesides like most of our political opponents, they may not be princes, but they are people of real society, of work and creation.
But that's why they can understand, they can feel society.
 They do not live elsewhere.
 We don't live elsewhere, we live here.
 We live in this society and in this society we are only accountable.
 No one else.
 Above all, no one is holding us, no one has us in their pocket, nothing is holding us, only the vision and the program of justice.
  That's the only thing that keeps us.
 Only our voters, only the ordinary people.
 The problems of the people we want to solve.
 So for all these reasons, I believe that we can and we want to and we will succeed.
 We will achieve this great victory.
 We will bring the much-needed change to the country.
On May 22, a new day will dawn for the country.
 The day of great change.
 The need will become history.
 Justice everywhere will become the norm.
 With the SYRIZA of victory, I call on all of you, in the front line of the struggle.
 In these weeks that remain, let us not waste a moment.
 To fight together for the great victory.
 For the big change.
 For justice, which will come everywhere.
Hello.
 Be well.
 Thank you very much for filling this stadium with your optimism today and giving a message of victory everywhere, all over Greece.
 Hello, good power.
 Good matches.
   .
