Hello!
Thank you very much for the welcome, I am very happy to be here in Drama.
After a very long time I am here in Drama and I am happy every time I am here, in your beautiful city.
 This time my joy is greater, because I am here a few days before a great, glorious day that we all look forward to.
We had the Feast of Tabernacles a few days ago, but we will have another glorious day, a resurrection day for our people: May 21!
33 days from today!
 There are no impregnable castles for us.
Castles are to be conquered.
I am sure that Drama, 33 days from today, will give a strong message about what it needs, what it seeks, what I feel wherever I am, in any city, in any neighbourhood, what I understand that people want today: A meaningful change in their lives, a big change.
 And of course, it's not just the change of government that will bring this about.
The prerequisite is not a change of government, but a change of policies.
So we want this milestone, the 21st of May, to give a perspective of hope for the country.
To bring with the vote of the Greek people in the country, the political change, the victory of SYRIZA in the elections, which is a prerequisite for political change and the formation of a progressive coalition government on the next day of the elections, to bring back what?
What we all feel has been missing for four years now from our daily lives, from our lives, in our workplaces, in our learning spaces everywhere: Justice.
 That's what we want to bring to the country, justice everywhere.
Why, you know what?
I think you all understand this and not only progressive citizens understand it now, even those who believed in 2019 that Mr.
Mitsotakis would bring a substantial prospect of security, stability, prosperity, better wages, better pensions.
That's what he was saying.
But they see today that all those promises made four years ago are proving to be in vain.
All these promises were promises without effect.
And we see today a reality that is crushing us.
And the average citizen, I believe, regardless of what he voted for in '19, regardless of his political beliefs, believes one thing, feels one thing, speaks one thing, he says: That's it.
So much for corruption, so much for accuracy, so much for insecurity, so much for family rule, so much for the viciousness of the regime, so much for injustice.
So that is why we believe that this "so far" can be made out of anger and indignation, a political dynamic of change, through the victory of SYRIZA.
 I want, citizens of Drama, friends, to describe, as much as I can, the situation we are experiencing.
Although I think that since we all experience them, descriptions are superfluous.
However, I want to say a few words about this harsh reality that we have all been living these four years.
 In these four years we have seen incomes shrink, we have seen electricity, fuel and supermarket prices soar.
We have seen obscenity legitimised.
We have seen corruption being legitimised, the so-called "Patsis" - Patsis was a member of the ruling party - who did what: He was a crow and he was going to hit the auctions, taking people's houses.
So we see corruption being legalised, we see looting being legalised, we see the invasion of public funds being legalised with closed tenders and direct awards.
We see the humiliation of the middle class, the insecurity of the middle class being consolidated.
 Do you remember what they were saying?
The middle class had become their banner.
Here we do not have a harsh reality only for the vulnerable.
You know, the Eurostat figures, I've said many times, those who have an income of up to 750 euros have lost 40% of their purchasing power in a year.
But it's not just those incomes, it's also those who have 1,200 and 1,500 and 1,800.
Everyone is struggling today.
 When we have found ourselves having the highest price of petrol in the whole of the European Union, when we have come to have the highest price of electricity relative to income, in the whole of the European Union.
And when we go to the supermarket, we cross ourselves before we go in.
Nightmare.
We have come to have the most expensive prices of products even in supermarkets in major European capitals, while Greece has the lowest wages in Europe.
Notice what the difference is.
And they tell us, "but, but, accuracy is imported.".
Yes, but the obscenity is not imported, the obscenity is Greek and has the signature of Mr.
Mitsotakis.
 So we are living this harsh reality, with the humiliation of the middle class, which was promised better days and has ended up living on food stamps.
Coupons to pay for electricity, pass they call them now, they don't call them coupons.
Pass for electricity, pass for petrol, pass for supermarket and where you go I don't know.
.
.
You're not going anywhere like that.
Life doesn't go on like that.
 Of course we have the basket and the "Porsche lamb".
I don't want to make light of the situation, because the situation is dramatic.
And I want to say that in addition to this harsh reality, we also have the regularity of labour insecurity, we have black labour and the jungle regime.
We had things that I don't believe can happen in a European democracy in 2023.
 We had this miserable abuse of the rule of law with the wiretapping, with the surveillance of half the political system in the office next door to Mr.
Mitsotakis.
We have had and still have the thousands of unemployed young people looking for hope and a way out.
But of course, we also had the repeated tragedies - let's not forget that - 36,000 of our fellow citizens died during the pandemic.
Some people were celebrating at the beginning that we were supposedly the best country.
And in the end, we ended up having the worst number of deaths of our fellow citizens in proportion to our population in the whole western world.
And of course we also had the unspeakable tragedy that made us all say "enough is enough", with this dramatic accident, the tragedy of Tempe.
 So everything that we have lived through these four years and everything that we are living through, makes what we call political change imperative.
So I want to send a message from here, from your beautiful city, from Drama: On May 21, this drama that the Greek people are living must end.
 And we will do everything we can, armed with the truth and with arguments and with sober political discourse, not with toxicity, not with communication politics, not with propaganda, not with slogans, but with arguments, we will do everything possible to end it.
And it will end if citizens all realize the power they have in their hands.
 Because the weapon of our political opponents, do you know what it is?
It is not the weapon of our opponents that they are honest, but that they are all the same, dishonest.
It is not the weapon of our political opponents that they have done well, but that they can't do better, it doesn't change anything.
 Well, we have to convince the citizens, and especially the young people who have a lot of power in their hands, the power of the vote, that they are not all the same.
That we have been judged, that we are not all dishonest in politics, that we didn't all get into politics to make fortunes, that we don't all have off-shore, that we don't all live lavishly.
And above all, to convince them that things can change.
Not to make miracles, because miracles don't happen.
But we can bring what we call justice, we can reduce these terrible inequalities, we can bring order to everything that we live around us.
And of course, to create a framework of transparency and equality, honesty and respect for the last euro of the Greek citizen.
 And that, you know, is not a partisan pursuit, I will say.
It is not some dry political goal.
It is an urgent need.
It is a demand coming from the great majority of society.
And as the elections approach, this demand, this indignation, this indignation and sometimes anger, slowly becomes a political decision.
 So I would like, dear friends, today I would like us to talk quietly and simply, calmly, we are in a place that allows this, a noble place, if I am not mistaken it is a conservatory here, so let us talk calmly, with arguments, let us leave the propaganda about our opponents and reflect.
Let us reflect: does the Greece we have been living in the last few years deserve us?
Is it fair for companies that can count on the fingers of one hand to show profits of more than 1 billion?
each, in the previous year, while private debt, i.e. household debt, has increased in the four years of Mr.
Mitsotakis by 40 billion?
 It is justice to plunder houses and businesses for a few thousand euros - with the new bankruptcy law there is no protection for first homes any more - it is justice for a few thousand euros, literally, to take houses and businesses to auction and for the MPs of a party that owes more than 400 million euros to the banks, borrowed and unpaid, to vote for this and no one asks them for an account.
 It is growth, social cohesion, a guarantee for a better tomorrow, what is happening with the private debt, with the non-performing loans in the Greek economy, which have reached a total of 111 billion.
euros;
4,200,000 citizens, half of Greece, have bad debts to banks, funds, the tax office, the tax office, the EFKA.
Half of Greece is in debt.
1,000,000 bank accounts have been seized in recent years.
   So is this justice?
Is it fair that civil servants have not seen a raise for 14 whole years and, at the same time, the blue party army enjoys astronomical salaries, that the managers in all the public utilities have tripled and have pay rises?
 Is it justice for the economy, for society, for the country, to abolish the 8-hour week, to abolish unpaid overtime, to abolish all labour protection?
 Is there any kind of justice, or perspective, when the prices I described earlier on electricity, at the supermarket, have gone to God and income is wiped out in the first three weeks of the month?
At the same time, look, the now privatized PPC and the energy providers have made billions in excess profits over the years.
 So I don't think that's justice.
Someone shouted "pensions".
Let me also say about pensions, let me also say about your pain.
Is it justice that in these four years they have taken 7 billion from pensioners, the 13th pension which they cut and abolished, while promising to keep it, and not giving the retroactive payments decided by the Council of State?
 Is it justice not to comply with the decisions of the judiciary on pensioners?
The CoE decided.
So this is not justice.
It is not justice.
And you know what?
This reality is not a natural phenomenon, it is the political choices of the Mitsotakis government that cause it, that make the poor poorer, the middle poorer and the powerful stronger.
And they make injustice the norm.
 You know what?
What is being attempted in the country in these four years is a generous redistribution of income.
From the middle to the powerful.
And now, a huge redistribution of wealth is expected.
How is income redistribution done?
By keeping indirect taxes, that is Value Added Tax, VAT, as well as high indirect taxes, and the Special Consumption Tax, while inflation has exceeded 10, 12, on food now it is 14%.
 What's wrong with that?
There is a state obscenity, so to speak.
Surplus in public funds.
When with 24% VAT a product costs 100 euros you get 24 tax, when it goes to 200 you get double tax.
In this way, what has happened?
In the public funds, in the previous year, 2022, more revenue was accumulated, 4.5 billion.
euro.
These 4.5 billion euros were looted, taken from the middle classes and the weak.
 And where are they going?
Why is Mr.
Mitsotakis?
To give some subsidies, to do good.
But where do these subsidies go, watch out: They are supposedly given to citizens, but they are given to pay the bills for electricity, petrol, supermarket bills.
These are the passes we were talking about before, the vouchers.
 So, they are given to keep the prices of electricity, petrol, supermarket suppliers consistently high.
So, this money is collected in the public treasury from all of Greek society, mainly from the middle class and the weak, which is the majority, to go into the pockets of a few big companies.
 This is the redistribution, the huge redistribution, of income from the many to the few.
And what is expected to happen now, friends: Now we are also expected to have the biggest redistribution of wealth the country has seen since World War II with the new bankruptcy law and the transfer of all red loans from banks to funds.
700,000 mortgaged homes in the hands of the funds.
 So these crows, if there is no change of government and no change of policy, will start the next day, the auctions, to take the property of the middle class, and speculate, to make money through this process.
So that is why we say that it is imperative that we see that on May 21 it is not just about which party we want to win, it is about whether we want to keep hope and social cohesion alive.
 It is if we want to keep the middle class alive and support the weak.
This is the big, crucial dilemma of the next election day.
And of course, if we want to support the welfare state, the NHS, support the social structures, all those things that have been left to their fate lately.
Friends, Mr.
Mitsotakis, proved over the years that apart from being a prime minister who had a plan to redistribute wealth and income from the middle classes to the poor, to the few and powerful, he also proved to be the prime minister of ignorance.
For each major, critical issue, Mr.
Mitsotakis did not know.
 He did not know that outside the ICU those who are intubated die helplessly, but he had in his drawers the report of Mr.
Tsiodra, you remember then.
 He did not know what his nephew in the office next door was doing, who was listening to half the political system, but he agreed with the export of the malware that was doing the surveillance even in distant Sudan.
 Greece, which has a 20 billion current account deficit - we left it 2 and it's now 20.
What is the current account deficit?
It's import-export.
We import 20 billion more than we export.
And that's why the economy is not as good as some people think it is.
So while we have a deficit and we don't export, we exported Predator, the malware to Sudan, so that there is now a civil war.
Didn't Mr.
Mitsotakis.
 He also didn't know that the energy crisis was coming when he secretly decided to privatise the PPC.
He didn't know, but he was providing for an increase in directors' positions with lavish salaries plus bonuses and making sure that his chosen CEO, Mr.
Stasi with 1,000 euros per day.
Salary, outside of bonuses.
 He did not know, as he recently stated, he had not been informed by Mr.
Karamanlis, on the state of the railways.
He had no idea about that either.
But, tragically, the next day, a few hours after this horrific accident, he would inaugurate non-existent telecommunications systems in Thessaloniki.
 He also did not know what his deputy, Mr.
Patsis, what did Mrs.
Nikolaou, what his chosen one at the State Theatre, Mr.
Lignadis, what are all these "excellent" people he appointed, supported and supports doing.
But he made sure to promote and support them.
 He also knew nothing about the companies that were set up a few days before the direct awards to take part in the big direct award scam.
Do you know what the total amount of direct awards is?
Approaching €10 billion in the years of Mr.
Mitsotakis.
10 billion euros.
 He also did not know and does not know about the buffoonery that he solemnly reinvented, about the thousands of post-employees.
But he raised their salaries.
 Of course, he knows nothing about the country's public debt.
We settled the public debt and we are proud of it.
We left it high, but regulated.
We left it 356 billion.
euro.
Do you know how far it has come in the four years that New Democracy has been in power?
400 billion euros in public debt.
 All he knew when we were fighting the battle and managed to pull the country out of the morass of bankruptcy and remove the noose of the memoranda from the country's neck, all he knew then, the atheophobe, was to say that we exchanged the non-reduction of pensions - remember when we were pressured to reduce pensions - for Macedonia.
That's what they said.
This misery and this toxicity.
And I wonder why here in Drama, too, there were many of our fellow citizens at that time, most of whom, carried away by the mood of the day, rallied against us.
Where are all these people today?
Where are all these people today to have an honest discussion with them?
We handed over a country on our northern border that is not called Macedonia as it was called before, but North Macedonia.
And Greek warplanes guarding its airspace.
What would this country be today if we did not perform our patriotic duty?
It would be a country like Libya in the south, a Libya on our northern border where third countries, especially Turkey, would play a central role.
  And imagine at the moment when even the Nordic countries want to join NATO, what kind of pressure would be put on whichever government would be in power today, that country to join NATO with its constitutional name, which was then "Macedonia".
  That's what we did back then, when the "vasta Schäuble" told us that we were supposedly trading Macedonia for pensions.
And today, of course, all those people, who at that time were talking big and pretending to be super-patriots, are nowadays praising our policy and they are right to do so.
  But I ask myself, where are those of our fellow citizens who were then carried away, where are they to see the false words, the big words, to judge and compare?
  So, citizens of Drama, I want to say in a nutshell that this Prime Minister, who in all critical matters knew nothing, turns out to be a Prime Minister who must be judged untranslatable.
Since he did not know, he does not know, to be judged unelectable by the vote of the Greek people in the elections of May 21.
To find out which country he ruled and where he led it.
   So we say that this policy that has led us to where it has led us, that has been based on hypocrisy, based on lies, this policy must be defeated.
And this harsh reality that we live in must change.
  The Maximou Mansion should be a symbol of democracy and not the headquarters of a limited company.
Because I believe - and you will meet, I'm sure, many of our fellow conservatives here in Drama, and you should have a conversation with them - I believe that most of them are ashamed of what is happening today.
They are ashamed to see democracy treated in this way.
This is a party with which we have great differences, New Democracy, but we respect it, it is a party that played a decisive role in the post-war period.
A party with which we have ideological differences, but we have always believed that it was in this broader democratic arc and played a positive role in the country.
  Is it possible that this party of the post-independence period, which played a decisive role in the legitimisation of the KKE, is it possible that today it is expressed by first-class ministers who come from the extreme right?
Is it possible that this party is Mr.
Plevris, Mr.
Georgiades and Mr.
Voridis, the former secretary of Papadopoulos' Youth, of EPEN, and to give us lessons in democracy, supposedly for the far right?
And is it possible that this party, with this history, has led to this unprecedented breakdown of the rule of law with the surveillance?
  So I think there are a lot of our conservative citizens who are not at all comfortable with this.
And they understand that now the government is being transformed from a New Democracy government to a government of a Public Limited Company: "Mitsotakis Inc.
».
  So Greece has to get rid of this regime before it is too late and before the country is driven to new economic and social tragedies.
  There is, I believe, not a single Greek who does not understand that the frightening widening of inequalities, corruption, deliberate ignorance, incompetence and family rule, partisanship and contempt for the majority cannot herald anything positive, nothing good.
  Opposition to these policies is building up in our society.
Outrage at scandals, at corruption, at injustice.
 It is this opposition, this indignation, this anger, that we say must become a force for change.
Power of justice.
  And with the vote on 21 May we can do it.
To overcome artificial divisions, meaningless confrontations, petty partisan cooking.
And to put justice and the homeland at the centre of our attention, our debate and our vote.
  Justice for us is not just a slogan.
Justice for us is more than a slogan.
It is our soul.
It is the value and goal that permeates our entire programme.
   It is this programme, a programme of justice, that we want to oppose in this election period.
No crowns and propaganda slogans.
  That is why every time I speak, and I will do so from here today, from Drama, I invite Mr.
Mitsotakis, since he says so much that the dilemma of the ballot box is "Tsipras or Mitsotakis", he should not be so afraid to meet me and confront me.
To discuss the big problems of the country, to let the citizens know what each one stands for, what each one believes, what each one has a plan.
  So, I want to tell you our plan today as briefly as I can.
In four axes, in four phrases.
What does a vote for SYRIZA mean?
A vote for SYRIZA means: Wage increase.
Price reduction.
Debt settlement.
A fair and effective state.
  But are there possibilities to put these 4 things we are talking about into practice?
Are these targets realistic?
Are they, as the propaganda of the morning TV shows says, election promises that will never be fulfilled?
  There are no age differences, even older people, through social media, through the mobile phone gizmo, even older people are informed.
So the Greek people can know what the truth is.
Is there propaganda?
There is propaganda.
At some point, however, the time comes when the propaganda backfires.
Because it is so false that anyone can see the lie, understand and evaluate that it is propaganda.
  So I was saying: Are these goals we have set realistic?
This is the question I ask.
Because, you know, the Mitsotakis government has this habit of handing out billions to obscenity and its own people through direct assignments, but every time we say something, a programmatic target that aims at a pro-popular measure that aims at relieving society, it will tell us "where are you going to find the money?
».
They're the ones who find it to make assignments with the money, they don't have an issue.
and distribute them to their own people.
Every time we say a pro-popular measure, "Where are you going to get the money?
"So this fairy tale must end, because there can be neither growth, nor social cohesion, nor stability without justice.
  And I want it to be clear to everyone: We are determined to fund this concept we call justice.
Not by doing crazy things, obviously we will be within the framework of fiscal stability, we know what that is, but we will cut the party of corruption and corruption to fund the needs of society.
  So let's go through them one by one.
We say that our goal is to increase wages.
Is it a realistic goal to raise the basic wage to 880 euros and to introduce an annual indexation so that every year if inflation goes up, the wage goes up?
  Is it a realistic goal to increase after 14 years, by 10% as much as inflation, the salary of civil servants?
We say that, yes, it is a realistic goal and it can be done.
The economy can afford it, the public funds can afford it.
And not only is it a realistic goal because it will relieve thousands of families, but also because it will revitalise the market and provide new opportunities for small and medium-sized enterprises, the middle class and professionals.
All those whom austerity is draining.
  Because as I walk by the shops, no one tells me that their problem is the employee's salary, they tell me that their problem is that people don't have the money to come and buy.
There is no turnover.
He tells me that his problem is his electricity bill.
He tells me his problem is his tax debts.
  So what we are saying is absolutely realistic.
Is it a realistic goal to reduce prices?
Yes it is, we say.
 With strict measures on the market that were deliberately, consciously, not imposed by the Development Ministers who are running around left and right with their godfather's baskets, with their "Porsche" lambs and making supposedly grandiose statements.
  They didn't impose controls on the market, because that's what they do for a living, politically speaking, by turning a blind eye to obscenity.
And how do we enforce the price reduction?
By reducing VAT on food and essentials.
In Spain, in other countries, even zero VAT have, after the crisis was imposed on food items, mass consumption.
So we will reduce VAT.
Yes, we won't have an excess in public funds, 4 and 5 billion to subsidize and then give out the various vouchers, so that businesses can take them.
  But we will reduce prices, we will reduce the excise duty on fuel.
At the lowest possible level set by the European Union.
And we will abolish the VAT on agricultural oil.
The cost to the public purse will not be so great, it will be a great relief for the popular strata, for the middle class.
  And don't listen to the mockery that they say, they're not reducing the fuel tax, because that, he says, will favour those who have Cayennes.
But those who have Cayennes don't even see what they pay for gas.
As long as they're paying for gas, they might as well leave a tip at the gas station.
They are not the problem.
The problem is people who count every last euro, every last litre of petrol for their cars.
  So, yes, we can do this without the economy being in trouble.
The economy will breathe again.
And of course, we can and we must and we will do it, to re-nationalise the PPC.
To make the "D" of the PPC essential again, to become a support for society instead of the main culprit of the bleeding that it is today.
  Is debt adjustment a realistic goal?
Yes, we say, it is a realistic goal.
Both realistic and necessary.
I'd say he's been proven.
It is necessary and imperative that we do not experience this terrifying redistribution of property, the tsunami of auctions that they are preparing, if Mr.
Mitsotakis.
Because with the protection of the first home, of professional housing and agricultural land, with transparency, taxation and control over the action and transactions of funds, a framework can be put in place.
The 120 instalments and the cancellation of part of the nominal value of the debt can be introduced, as we did for the debts to the Insurance Funds of freelancers in 2018.
  And of course, I want to tell you, and it has a value both symbolic and substantial, that this plan that we presented about 20 days ago, for housing protection and regulations, to put a framework in place for the operation of funds and to have a big write-off of the face value of the debt based on our experience, because you know, funds come in and buy a debt for a house that is in mortgage at 20% of the value.
And they go to sell it at auction to get 80%, 90%, 100%.
This is called obscenity.
So I want to say that it has a symbolic and substantial value, that this plan that we presented a few days ago, has the signature of the politician who put her name on the protection of the first home during the period of the memoranda, Lucas Katseli.
  I must also tell you that it is realistic and we will achieve it, just as it is realistic and we will achieve it to have a public pillar in the banking system, the National Bank, which we do not want to leave workers on the street, as happened here with Olympus Bank, but we want it to support the real economy, small and medium-sized enterprises.
  Is a new NHS also, friends, a realistic goal?
Dignity pay for people standing on the front line?
I know you are hurting, that's why I say that, we are hurting all over Greece.
Because everything that has been standing still in the NHS has been dismantled over these four years.
I know them very well.
But I know very well that we, under the conditions of the memorandum, managed to put 2.5 million uninsured people in the NHS.
And we made our hospital budgets surplus.
And now, without the Troika and without memoranda, we see this mess in public hospitals.
  So we say: Is it realistic to reconstitute them?
We say it is.
As well as a 13th pension, as I see a lot of retirees.
Is it realistic to give?
We say it is realistic.
  Look, friends, let me tell you something: We governed in the most difficult time the economy and the country has ever faced since the post-war period.
With the country bankrupt, broken, we were forced to clean up the mess left by other governments, not by us.
We didn't create this state, the state with buffet, with corruption, with corruption, with corruption.
We did not create this national debt.
We have been in the most difficult times for the Greek economy and the country.
And we had an obligation to collect 37 billion in the public treasury.
We didn't put it in our pockets, we didn't put it in our accounts, we didn't put it in off-shore.
Because we don't have off-shore, others have off-shore.
  With honesty, with good management, and with mistakes.
We also made mistakes.
And we learned from them.
But we left 37 billion in the Treasury, the debt regulated.
The only government that left with its head held high without the next person being able to say, since the post-independence period, "we received chaos".
What chaos?
They have received their work, we have cleaned up their laundry!
  Watch out: They came and found them ready.
They found the money in the funds, they found the debt regulated, they found the economy on track, and what did they do?
Instead of having the obligation to collect, they were able to spend.
55 billion.
If we had been able to spend 55 instead of 37, society would be in a much better position today.
Our hospitals would be on their feet, social cohesion, the welfare state would be there to support people.
  So that's why I say that one cannot make such disparate comparisons.
And that's why I also say that since we have succeeded in these difficult circumstances, isn't it realistic to succeed now that the country is out of the memoranda, that there will be no constraints, that we will have the freedom to follow our own policy?
  So, when people tell us that Syriza wants a second chance, I tell them: You are wrong, we don't want a second chance, we want the first chance to govern on the basis of our programme.
To govern on the basis of our plan and not on the constraints of the Troika and the memoranda.
And you know, they won't then be able to, if we're going to govern without coercion, they won't be able to beg and say "hold it, Schäuble", there won't be a Schäuble to hold.
That's the big difference.
And this is the big difference that I believe we have the right to prove that we can make.
  I also believe that we are entitled to have the opportunity to put a small stone of rationalisation, modernisation, transparency, accountability and meritocracy in the great patient of the Greek economy, of the country, of Greek society, of the political system, which is the state.
  How many people didn't promise to fix this state?
Simitis promised to modernise it.
Karamanlis promised that he would re-establish it.
Mitsotakis promised to make it executive, scare him.
How many have not promised?
And what did they make?
What we are all seeing today.
In the age of digitisation, not knowing for 12 minutes that two trains are on the same track in opposite directions.
And blame the stationmaster.
   So we must finally modernise this state.
I want to say that we can put rules of transparency and equality in this state.
Why can we?
Because we are neither the owners nor the owners nor the distributors of this state.
We were not born in villas and mansions with the goal of our lives to become prime ministers.
We are not princes, nor do we feel that this state belongs to us.
This state belongs to the Greek people, that is, to the people it serves.
He owns this state.
And that's why it has to work and it has to work.
  So we aim to abolish these unhealthy links between the state and the hotbeds of corruption and the parties, including our own party.
the partisanship.
The customer logic.
  We aim to upgrade the role of civil servants without showing certificates of social merit.
Let's shine a light of democracy and transparency on the dynamic pillars of the state, the NSS and the Police, who have been reduced today, instead of fighting crime, to collaborating with crime.
The NSA in our days was monitoring the Greek Mafia, today it is run by the Greek Mafia.
That's the difference!
  And of course, because the Armed Forces of our country are also a state, we must give the men and women of the Armed Forces the respect, dignity and pay that their vital role in protecting the homeland demands.
  And while I was talking about the Armed Forces, let me also remember something that concerns our national issues in a broader sense and that has seen the light of day again today.
A year ago, if you remember, we were all surprised to see this Turkish advertising campaign for the Aegean Sea, which was called "Turkaegean".
The unprepared Mitsotakis government then told us again that an official was to blame - every time an official is to blame.
One official was to blame for the Tempi, one official was also to blame for the "Turkaegean".
 And of course he promised us that he would do everything to stop this campaign and to revoke the "Turkaegean" trademark.
This year, not only has this trademark not been withdrawn, but Turkey is regularly advertising the "Turkish-Gaek" all over the world.
After the American press, yesterday we saw this campaign in the French Le Monde!
  Mr.
Mitsotakis feeds the super-patriots supposedly defensive security with the exorbitant arms programs and at the same time is not able to protect the name, which was talking to us about the name of Macedonia.
It is not in a position to protect the Aegean Sea internationally as a tourist destination from Turkey's attempts to hijack it.
Ultimately, I would say that during these four years, Mr.
Mitsotakis, he managed to register two trademarks: -Turkaegean to advertise Turkey.
  -The spoon for his government.
  But we, I will say it again, in 2015 we took over a country on our northern border that everyone called "Macedonia" and today everyone calls it "North Macedonia".
In 2019 we handed over the Macedonian solution, taking back our name, our symbols, our history.
  In 2019 they took over the Aegean from us.
In 2023, we warn them, we will not receive a Turkish army - we will not tolerate a Turkish army.
  This history of incompetence, of uselessness, which has been presented to us as excellence, ends definitively on May 21.
  Let me now say a few words about your city and your prefecture, because I believe that, as I said at the beginning of my speech, we do not deserve this Greece, and I believe that all of you who live in Drama, in the law of Drama, do not deserve to be and live in one of the forgotten prefectures of the country.
Isn't it?
Because Drama and the people of Drama, I have to say this, I have to say this, because I have been talking for so long about justice, which is our vision, but Drama and the people of Drama know very well what justice means and what the struggle for justice means.
Because Drama stood upright during the Turkish occupation, gave its presence to the Macedonian struggle, to the struggles for freedom against the Bulgarian occupation at the beginning of the 20th century.
Here was one of the first, perhaps even the first tobacco workers' strike at the end of the 19th century, and here the armed uprising against the Bulgarian occupation, the first uprising in occupied Europe that cost thousands of lives.
So what does justice mean for Drama?
First of all, we believe that it means - and must - solve the great problem of the county's isolation.
It is not possible for Drama to have only one train service a day.
So we are committed to the following: 1.
The Drama - Amphipolis connection will be completed, which the Mitsotakis government left where it found it in 2019.
We will put an end to backtracking and exhaust every possibility of funding, with a specific timetable for implementation and in the public interest.
2.
The construction of the Egnatia Railway, which will connect the ports of Thessaloniki, Kavala and Alexandroupolis, leaves out two major urban centres, Serres and Drama.
We are committed to a redesign of the layout based on technical and scientific criteria, so that the Egnatia Railway meets the needs of your region.
At the same time, we have to look at the health structures from the beginning, what someone in the audience said to me, that you have to pay a lot of money every time you go to Thessaloniki, to a hospital in Thessaloniki.
This is unthinkable, it is unacceptable.
We want to take a fresh look at the county's health and safety structures.
The General Hospital is in a very poor state and immediate measures will be required to staff and upgrade its services.
Also, we will not allow the two University Schools of Drama, the School of Forestry and Natural Environment and the School of Agricultural Biotechnology and Oenology, to be closed down.
On the contrary, by abolishing the minimum admission base and supplementing their staff, these schools will be upgraded and students will come and the students will, as you know, give a different breath of life to the city as well.
Finally, the frequency of industrial accidents in the Marble Quarries requires the creation of a Quarry Inspection Office based in Drama, with the aim and task of protecting the safety and life of workers.
Drama, friends, we believe that it can and must cease to be a poor relative of the Greek territory.
That is our goal, that is our commitment.
we can implement it with your contribution and your help.
Citizens of Drama, friends, in general I have tried to present to you our "wants", I have tried to present to you our plan, our vision.
I believe that these are our "wants", today they are also the "wants" of every citizen who is sensible and sensitive.
But often, in the cities and neighbourhoods I visit, I am called upon to answer a question.
They tell me: Okay, we know what you want and we're sure you're telling the truth, that's what you want to do.
But can you?
Can you stand up against big interests, against ruthless profiteers, against decades of ills that are considered the norm, and indeed the stereotype has been created that this norm is not changing?
And I want to reverse the question to you today: what do you think?
Can we?
 Well, I'm going to surprise you and prove you wrong: Alone, we cannot.
 With you we can!
Only if you, and all of you, all of us, together, are on the front line then yes, we can.
So the answer is not "yes, we can", the answer is "you can".
You can bring SYRIZA to the first place in the May 21 elections, you can, with your vote and your struggle, give strength, a driving force in our effort to bring justice everywhere.
And let me tell you something else: The difference between us and '15 is two words: And we know and we can.
Why I say this: Because we have learned from our mistakes.
We know how something can be done.
And we know what is not being done.
So, you don't have to give your strength for things that can't be won.
But we know which ones are won and how they are won.
And we can because for the first time, I repeat, we will be able to implement our programme without the constraints of the memoranda and the Troika.
So we can and we know how to bring about change.
Political change and change in our lives.
In our everyday life.
The change that every citizen needs, regardless of whether they are right, centre or left.
So that is why I say once again, and I close with this, that a vote for SYRIZA is decisive.
All votes.
A lot of people say "yes, guys, but this time", and this is our achievement, "we have a simple proportional representation".
And we are proud to have simple proportional representation.
 Be careful, because we want justice everywhere.
And in voting justice.
Each vote of a citizen should correspond to a power in Parliament.
But, be careful, simple proportional representation does not mean a loose vote.
These are the elections that we have before us and these elections will produce a government.
If SYRIZA is first and by a wide margin, the next day we will form a government of progressive cooperation that will take the country forward and we will not get into the adventures of the by-elections that Mr.
Mitsotakis.
 So you can and should go to your friends, to your acquaintances and say: yes, it is the vote for justice and equality, the vote for proportional representation, but it is the vote that will determine our lives.
Mr.
Mitsotakis and his regime in order to lose, SYRIZA must win, it's simple.
It's not just political logic, it's also mathematics.
The "Mitsotakis S.A.
" will leave Maximou only if he loses the elections.
And New Democracy will lose the elections only if Syriza wins the elections.
Let each and every one understand this well.
Therefore, we invite you all together to fight the battle.
House by house, neighbourhood by neighbourhood, citizen by citizen, convince them that this is the crucial ballot box.
The ballot box of the simple and unadulterated proportional representation, which will give the correlations that can bring a progressive government the next day, which will have an equal proportion of votes and seats.
And it will have a very big impact not only in the Parliament, but also in Greek society.
 For the first time, the majority will not only be in Parliament, but also among the voters.
We can do it, with SYRIZA first in the elections.
Let's go strong, "with momentum", for the great victory on the 21st of May!
And I am sure we will succeed!
I am sure that Drama will give victory, a message of victory, as your gathering today has given!
Be well, good strength, good matches.
With optimism and strength.
We will win!
Hello.
