Thank you, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen.
 The day before yesterday I was in Arkalochori, the earthquake-prone, earthquake-stricken village outside Heraklion, Crete.
 You of the New Democracy know that auctions and seizures of earthquake-affected houses have already begun.
 You know this.
 Take a look at this Irish fund based in Delaware with a bank account in Cayman Island.
 As we speak, he's foreclosing.
 After an auction of a house of earthquake victims in Arkalochori, while the so-called independent public revenue authority Adae has made seizures to the alleged.
 Seized accounts that had relief funds for our earthquake victims.
 Please contradict me.
 The only alternative you have is to run out of here running with your tail between your legs in shame is your shame.
 This will confiscate.
 Account attachment by the tax authorities and simultaneous auctions by an Irish fund.
 Earthquake-affected hearths.
 What to say.
 It's not worth spending a second more on you new democracy.
 At the same time, on the same days, Alexis Tsipras presented.
 The proposal of SYRIZA for the protection of the first home.
 As I always do, I study very carefully.
 The plans, especially when they have some costing, also have numbers our political opponent.
 What I see from the SYRIZA plan.
 Take, Let's take a loan which was contracted in 2008 for 100.
000 for a purchase of a house, a property for 150.
000.
 That is, the man put 50.
000 in pocket in 2008 there was a loan 100.
000 paid off between 2008 and two thousand twelve in the depths of the crisis, then around 20.
000.
 So, but today's debt is over 100.
000 with the overcoats.
 You know them.
 And let's say it has an objective value of 80.
000.
 This property once purchased 150.
000.
 2 are the forms of protection proposed by the SYRIZA plan.
 The first is called short-term out-of-court.
 Settlement with a big haircut of 50% sounds good to the ears.
 Maybe we can look at it a little bit numerically.
 So that this man can make his payments.
 You will get it for up to 10 years at an interest rate of 4%, which means that over the next 10 years.
 For this loan.
 Who had paid off 20 grand but has turned 100 again.
000 and any loan the fund from Ireland based in Delaware with a bank account in Cayman Island gave 3000 to get 3000 to get the loan of 100.
000.
 Correct me if you can't because I know.
 This particular fund gave 3 grand for this particular loan.
 He will receive in the 10 years of the out-of-court short-term settlement anything of this agreement, according to the SYRIZA program, he will receive 74 thousand or 617 € per month.
 In other words, the Irish will have put the heads fund 3 grand.
 They will receive 617 per month for 10 years, for a total of 74.
000.
 Profit 71.
000 3000 have put 71.
000.
 They wouldn't have gotten that kind of profit rate even the most aggressive and awake.
 A capitalist from Silicon Valley cannot conceive.
 That's why your governments are applauded by investors, investors, evaluators, that's why you are considered to be a good story because this man, the earthquake victim in Arkalochori, and all the other one and a half million.
 They will suffer this disgrace and the country will lose 71 grand, which will go to the Cayman Islands; this is the protection of the first home of SYRIZA.
 According to the first part of your plan.
 Ladies and gentlemen of SYRIZA, if he says, they can't cope with this.
 There will be, he says, a help from the state.
 If you have infinite, minimum income will give you half.
 In other words, our children and grandchildren will be borrowed to give to the fund from Ireland at a time when.
 Oh borrower will not be able to repay even half of it, which in this case is more than 300 € for a house that has already collapsed.
 And if it doesn't work out.
 There is, he says, and the possibility of pulling out says to pull out Mr. Alexiadis of the tranche for 35 years, so that they reduce what that means.
 35 years at four and a half percent.
 But whose.
 The amount of the objective value, which is 80.
000.
 Overall, that is.
 The Delaware-based predatory fund, Mr. Alexiadis.
 It has received 357.
280 € ή 850 €.
 In fact 851 € every month for 35 years.
 This protection you are unrepentant, you don't have your God you are selling seaweed for silk ribbons to the people with the supposed protection of the first home and it can't be helped, it can't be helped.
 At least these people here are honest, he says we are.
 The international of funds we participate in the international of funds, we are here, we work for the funds.
 I prefer that to you talking about protecting the first home, when what you are doing is giving even better guarantees to their funds.
 Do you guys think that this Irish fund that came in to take out a $100 loan.
000-3 thousand expected to get over 50.
 No.
 He says to you, "I'll give you 3, I'll get 40, 50, huge profit percentage.
 You come to guarantee it 357.
000 over 35 years.
 You are worse than those in the name of the Radical Left, but that is what you became when you voted NO on the night of the referendum.
 Yes, you are becoming worse than those who believed the memorandum.
 This is the stakes of the elections.
 We have one more.
 Which as A E works.
 How it works.
 He receives by email the bills from the law firms of the funds of Mr. Latsis, Mr. Vardinoyannis, Mr. Pigeon, CVC, Mr. Mytilineos and comes and passes them all.
 That's their job, we know you in the name of the Left and progressive governance, no progressive governance you will not do.
 You only have the term progressive to hide behind.
 The same policies that you can do a little bit better technocratically to get more funds to be more secure.
 the funds for this.
 Whether we are talking about red loans, whether we are talking about the energy exchange, which you introduced, which you do not say you will abolish, because you have letters to these gentlemen I mentioned before.
 We'll give you a tan.
 On day 25 of the crisis alliance we will have more MPs and MPs here and you know that after Sunday we told you a year and a half to discuss them because we don't hold any grudges about 15 or petty partisanship.
 Petty bigotry, we've been telling you to come and talk about red loans, we've been telling you that for 3 years now, you don't come, we said come and talk about the energy exchange, you don't come, come, he says.
 After the elections went to get a ministry, to become like you, not to save in this election the day 25 rupture for the alliance alliance, the rupture We are moving forward dynamically and we will be here to spoil the post-election arithmetic with which you support in alpha or beta the predators Thank you.
 .
