Friends, that is why I call on every Greek to choose between a state of opacity, patronage for the blue children, for the cronies of Mr.Tsipras, a state of meritocracy, transparency and respect for institutions, or a state of social injustice that implements policies that make the rich richer, or a state with justice and strong health and public education. Between a state that hands over the toil, the sacrifices of the Greek people through their red loans to the speculators of the funds, and a state that ensures the fair regulation of the private debt of households and businesses. Friends, Mr Mitsotakis. He touts himself as a champion of stability. He talks of paralysis when his track record includes the interception or capture of the rule of law, the blue children, the widening of social inequalities and he states clearly that he will hold elections as many times as necessary until he himself is elected Prime Minister. But he is probably not so sure of his strategy, because he said a moment ago that he will eventually use the first mandate. So let the Greek people see who has a firm position to govern the country? I have been talking for a year now about stability and progress since the first mandate, or Mr Mitsotakis, who has been talking about second and third elections, but in the face of deadlock, his staff say that he will use the first mandate. We will hear a lot because they understand quite simply that things are not that simple. For his part, Mr Tsipras voted for the simple proportional representation. What does simple proportional representation mean throughout Europe? It means that the parties that have 151 seats work together. But he is talking about a special simple proportional representation that in order to cooperate in the electoral system that he voted for he has to be the first party, do you know what that proves? That the real concern of the leader of Syriza is not to get rid of New Democracy and Mitsotakis, but to save his own political future.