That is why I am committed that every student and every teacher will have their own computer and every classroom will have their own interactive whiteboard and more. Specific examples that confirm the rule of shortcomings. By opening the school to culture, environmental education, art and health education, by supporting all-day kindergarten and primary school with a reformed curriculum with foreign language and computer certification, up to high school level. As a result, we are enabling the cost that each parent has to pay for tutoring in these areas to drop. Friends. Our priority is vocational education and lifelong learning with a link to the modern needs of production, with the safeguarding of professions and professional rights, a safe school environment and psychological and social support services to deal with the phenomena of violence, which unfortunately, as we see, are multiplying, especially in large urban centres. Establishment of a single school-leaving certificate in accordance with European standards, so that the Greek family can slowly be freed from the burden of the school system. From the burden of tutorials and at this level of education, extroverted universities with a link to production, local development, funding of research and innovation by implementing a national study that will propose as a basis for a discourse on how many schools and how many departments our country really needs in each specialised field of knowledge. For example, agricultural schools cannot be without an extensive network of agricultural schools when we want to invest in the primary sector and agri-food. We cannot not have a university of tourism when we have millions of tourists and we want high-level workers with very good salaries. Friends. Dignity in academic development. Unfortunately, Mr Mitsotakis, with Mrs Kerameos' law, has reintroduced family rule in universities and, finally, financial support for our teachers at all levels of education and the evaluation of educational work with factors that will shape the quality of education.