Friends, compañeras and comrades.
 We want to get out of here.
 From Thrace.
 From Komotini to greet.
 The tens of thousands of striking students, pupils, farmers, professionals.
 The women of the popular strata.
 All of them.
 Which have died and today.
 The spaces.
 Work that closed the.
 Schools and schools.
 who once again flooded the streets.
 And the squares in all the cities of the country, the.
 We said and we do.
 Act will not leave them on a bare branch.
 The crime.
 This will not be forgotten.
 This people.
 These youth do not forget the crime in Tempe, they do not forget the 57 fellow human beings who.
 They lost their lives.
 Sacrificed.
 On the altar of profit for the various investors on the altar of.
 The reduction of costs for the hostile bourgeois state that this.
 Multi-day race.
 These angry but clear and bright faces.
 Those clenched fists.
 It's the only color in this blackness that makes us.
 He has condemned the rotten.
 And their corrupt system is the only hope to change.
 Something.
 Leriotti time Tiller.
 These days we have.
 Get a small one only.
 Taste of what.
 The people and the youth can do when they organise themselves, when they.
 Discuss collectively, decide.
 The demands, the slogans, the forms.
 their struggle when they march side by side hand in hand with the communists who.
 As always.
 So this time too.
 Fora we are on the front line in feeling.
 Our responsibility.
 In these critical hours.
 We had to do a lot, overcome many obstacles, it was not enough just to.
 The rage, the grief.
 In order for these struggles to develop, they had to.
 Fail and failed those who tried to avoid them.
 Throwing it all away again.
 On some individual responsibility.
 As they did in the pandemic, as the previous government did.
 On the disasters at Mati.
 In Mandra, Attica.
 Those who had assumed that.
 Within a few days.
 This rage will subside.
 The mobilisations will deflate.
 And the issue.
 It will be forgotten, since as.
 They say.
 For better or worse life goes on.
 All those who have tried to bring these mobilisations to their attention have failed.
 Measures to reward them.
 That is, the content that.
 They would like to.
 They have either.
 Talking about the general and abstract.
 For the evil hour you say and they also say and for the evil country as they say.
 As if we're all to blame.
 That is, the perpetrators.
 And the victims.
 Of this policy.
 Either to talk only about the responsibilities of a minister.
 A government.
 As if the problem.
 Started.
 Only in recent years have.
 Fail and those who.
 They also tried to set up.
 Various provocations to terrorize with dismissals with arrests.
 Even young children of schoolchildren.
 To suppress the mobilizations by force nothing.
 It seems from all this to catch.
 Why they failed.
 Because today.
 More and more.
 They are the ones who understand the real.
 Causes behind this tragedy, namely the policy that faces.
 Critical sectors.
 For life.
 of people, such as transport, transport as a.
 Fields, field of profitability.
 For big capital for business groups.
 Every time, every time.
 It turns out that the profit.
 And the social and real needs of the people are not compatible.
 Either the former will be served or the latter.
 But did you.
 These are obsessions of the communists.
 Mr JV.
 Who no matter what happens will say the same thing.
 As they wrote and as.
 Some still write.
 But listen to what the European Commission's special report said.
 Court of Auditors for the.
 Railways in 2010 7 that.
 He revealed just a few minutes ago.
 Days the radical was referring to the delayed introduction.
 Modern electronic systems.
 In all European countries.
 Union on railways.
 This delay, writes.
 Report can be attributed to.
 Mainly in the reluctance.
 Many infrastructure managers and railway undertakings.
 invest in equipment, both because of the costs involved in such a.
 Decision as well as that for many.
 Of these investors.
 There is no evidence of business expediency and.
 Below even more crude.
 The introduction read.
 These systems involve.
 Expensive investments without direct benefits to those who are asked to shoulder the burden.
 The cost, you hear the.
 I hear you say.
 How much.
 More cynically to say.
 That in this here.
 System nothing happens if you do not.
 Profit for the few.
 If no human lives are lost.
 Lives, when the truth is in.
 Such a degree of obvious when the.
 Consequences have manifested themselves in such a tragic way.
 It's really.
 A repulsive fight that.
 It is set up between the various parties that have ruled.
 And they're all in full charge all day long bombarding the world with dates and dates of where.
 On where it was signed.
 The one.
 Or another.
 Convention on which.
 Started.
 The one and the other.
 Project.
 Which then he says, he stopped to start.
 Again later and gone.
 Saying Revive.
 Documents and thinning rates.
 That is, things that no one working in this.
 Country any man can not.
 Really and watch and check them and judge them and judge them right there they bet.
 Cultivate paralysis.
 To make people say.
 I don't get it, let them do what they want.
 They want it, let them find it.
 But that doesn't work either.
 Of course, the new democracy says it took over everything.
 In a miserable state and that now.
 He had them almost ready.
 That in a few.
 Months until September would all work like clockwork.
 But this unfortunate accident says, unfortunately not.
 He waited a few months.
 All inexplicable and unpredictable.
 It is for the new.
 Democracy 4 whole.
 For the last few years under Mitsotakis, it's good to say that he didn't tell us that he's also.
 This.
 It is an imported problem and we should not blame it.
 SYRIZA says.
 That you should not.
 He spreads the blame to all those who ruled and that he himself is not to blame for anything.
 That in his day it could not be done.
 Such.
 Accident he told us were made of course.
 Many others under SYRIZA, such as the one in.
 Centre of the.
 2010.
 7 which was classified.
 As the harbinger of tepees, while it was also.
 Then many warnings.
 From.
 The railway workers.
 But the right question is not whether it will.
 Could.
 Make this accident happen before 2019.
 It is well known that things are getting worse over the years as this unpopular.
 Politics for all.
 The sectors the question is whether they will.
 Would it be different today in 2023 if they were in government as SYRIZA.
 And here everyone understands.
 Also that the.
 Answer is categorically no but there is more.
 This phony confrontation between them.
 That started a few.
 Days after the crime.
 Because in the early days.
 See.
 We had a political moratorium again.
 My of the many that SYRIZA has declared these 4.
 So many years in fact that we would probably be living in a permanent political moratorium, if not.
 There was the Communist Party of Greece.
 In this country.
 Algiers, after.
 That started the fight.
 On whether or not the stationmaster is or is not.
 Rousafti whether or not he had exceeded the age limit.
 Nor had the new republic ordered it a.
 Such criticism.
 So that she is not forced to answer for her real responsibilities, but to answer for the stationmaster.
 Only then did they start arguing.
 On where he is hiding.
 The one.
 And where is the other one hiding from their ministers.
 When as a swell of a matchmaker.
 Never Karamanlis.
 Who will and will not be on their ballot papers.
 We don't know if they're hiding or not hiding.
 These executives.
 Nor do we care.
 Of course, especially the.
 Responsibilities of the new.
 Democracy and SYRIZA, like those of PASOK that ruled for so many years.
 Previous can not be.
 Hide with nothing SYRIZA, PASOK, New Democracy, the.
 Crime.
 This has a history as.
 It says one slogan of today's mobilisations and another one says, the youth does not forgive you.
 Gentlemen of the government and gentlemen of the opposition.
 We say.
 After and war material.
 heading to Ukraine to continue the carnage there and the people are paying in many ways paying the cost of these transports that.
 Added to the over.
 4 billion we pay.
 The NATO armaments of every.
 Time for the needs of NATO pays.
 At the risk of converting our region.
 On target.
 Retaliation from Russia pays with fear of a similar accident with trains passing through densely populated areas and carrying.
 At best, gunpowder.
 This event highlighted.
 And the mobilization of the communists on.
 December 2.
 In 2020.
 2 next to the train.
 Derailed.
 Inside.
 In the urban fabric of the.
 Alexandroupolis, while it was loaded with NATO war material.
 Otherwise the people of the region.
 Experiencing the devaluation of the rail interconnection interconnection interconnection.
 For over 10.
 Years.
 And from the.
 2019 longer.
 The effective abolition of the.
 Mercy of the Great.
 Maintenance costs of the existing network.
 And the shortages in.
 Staff at the same time, however.
 They run with.
 Speed urban planning that serves the goal of turning the entire region into a.
 Freight hub for this in the big to the important one finds unanimity from new democracy.
 Syriza and PASOK despite the existing.
 Individual differences between them are not accidental.
 That in the.
 Findings submitted by the New Democracy.
 And SYRIZA in the Interparty Committee of the.
 Parliament for Development.
 Thrace.
 They are imprinted and even with.
 The very same words these objectives and priorities.
 Of big capital.
 No, they didn't get the pain for.
 Cheap modern safe transport for the people, so they will continue in the same.
 Rate of commercialisation.
 The privatisation of the cost-benefit logic of privatisation so we will.
 Direct financial instruments to the.
 Implementation of their project.
 Or the interconnection of the ports.
 Northern Greece.
 With ports.
 Bulgaria and Bulgaria.
 Romanian project that leaves out the drama will.
 Secure.
 Funding for the upgrade and electrification of the Alexandroupoli line.
 Ormenio, with.
 Aim to reduce the.
 Container transport costs.
 And faster movement.
 With double line.
 At.
 This piece alone and only for NATO needs.
 It is indeed.
 Ironic that.
 We heard about.
 The large investments in the railway in the region of the amount.
 Several billion euros, when.
 So much.
 Years.
 The necessary funds were not made available.
 Amount to take security measures.
 Needed in the existing network.
 In fact, some have.
 The audacity to say that in Greece we have to suffer to learn.
 Citing examples of shipwrecks.
 Like the Samina Express.
 For ferry services or the eye.
 About the fires and stuff like that.
 The shipowners' wrecks have stopped breaking down mid-ocean and cancelling sailings.
 Every 3 and a bit.
 Leaving the islands of.
 Aegean.
 Without interconnection, as was the case for many weeks last year with Samothrace.
 Just a few days ago on the line Prinos Kavala.
 As if we don't pay every summer for the.
 Price.
 The total lack of fire protection.
Friends and friends of the.
 Crime in Tempe was still a piece.
 In the puzzle.
 The sacrifices of our people on the altar of profit, such pieces of the same puzzle are counted by the people and the youth here in the region of Eastern Macedonia and Thrace, with the dozens of deaths during the pandemic period, where hospitals touched the.
 Limits of the collapse of primary care.
 From a short anecdote.
 Which anyway was and before it disappeared completely.
 Regional clinics were opening and health centres were sending doctors and nurses to hospitals.
 As if they had enough.
 And instead of filling in at least some of the gaps.
 Situation deteriorated in all.
 Hospitals and public health structures.
 Throughout the region.
 Only.
 In the last month we have the dramatic appeals of the workers in the hospital of Xanthi, with the huge problems to bring out.
 On their way.
 Hospital employees and the hospital itself.
 The people of Xanthi at the recent Pandemic.
 Rally has not passed a week since the workers' protests over the pathology clinic in Drama Hospital, where among other things it does not have.
 Oncology and psychiatric clinic and here.
 In Komotini.
 Where did the notorious donation.
 For the construction of a new hospital in yet another.
 Proof that private profits and public health.
 They are incompatible words, it is confirmed.
 The position of the KKE.
 Which underlines that the people's need for modern.
 Health services.
 It cannot be deposited.
 To the capitalists and their donations.
 The same picture exists.
 And with the non-existent flood control.
 Protection that every year leads to the destruction of livestock crops.
 Capital house installations, and even in the loss of human lives, as with the tragic death of.
 Of firefighter 2 years ago.
 Years in Apalos, next to Alexandroupolis.
 If the floods were endangering the naval vessels.
 Missions and the X the.
 Hermos the people then the flood protection projects would be both eligible by the European Union and in the priorities of the governments would.
 They were the same.
 We also have a complete lack of fire protection measures.
 With the forestry, fire service throughout.
 The area to be understaffed.
 Without means and resources, with results and crimes.
 Huge dimensions in Dadia in Faso recently here in Rodopi on Papikio Oros.
 An.
 Environmental and cultural at the same time.
 Crime.
 For which they bear the integral.
 Responsibilities of governments who, among other things, have over time abandoned it to its fate.
 Unclean, without firebreaks, without basic supervision.
 A fire that raged for over 3 weeks, breaking all records.
 After he had finished and the contracts.
With the air assets were expired, we're talking.
 For the helicopters of an American company.
 To which the government is now preparing to hand over.
 The former military.
 Airport in Amygdalonas, Kavala to reduce.
 The cost of maintenance, flotation.
 In the American monopoly, that is, in the name and.
 That of capitalist development.
 Which is.
 Welcoming regional governor, various mayors, other local would-be caliphs.
   The same with the non-existent control.
 All over the road network.
 That in just a few years we count two downed.
 Bridges.
 The one in the middle of.
 Central street of Kavala and the others.
 In the elegant Rodopi that from.
 We counted no luck, no casualties and.
  Finally.
 Although we could continue the list up to.
 Tomorrow the same.
 And with the fact.
 That the region is in the top positions.
 Of so-called industrial accidents in reality employer crimes, quarries, marble quarries, industry.
 Phosphate fertilizer, other industries the workplaces, construction, roads for them.
 Distributors have been turned into places of employer crime.
 And they have taken the lives of dozens.
 Our fellow workers in the.
 Area compañeras and compañeros such lists like this exist in every region exist in every.
 Prefecture of our country.
 That is why we say that the tragedy in Tempe was.
 Just the straw that broke the camel's back, especially.
 The new generation.
 For the life that.
 He wants to live.
 And the.
 It prevents this rotten.
 System this corrupt.
 Authority.
 That only counts.
 Profits and losses for this and the.
 A real dilemma for the people and youth.
 In front of and in the.
 Upcoming elections are completely.
 Different from the dilemmas.
 That put and the government of the New Republic.
 But the other.
 Parties.
 SYRIZA the PASOK other people have an interest.
 Be.
 Weak all these bourgeois parties, all these parties that have ruled anyway until today.
 Whichever of these parties participate in the next unpopular.
 Government whichever.
 Colour and if it has.
 She blue.
 The new democracy, pink.
 Of SYRIZA.
 Green of PASOK.
 Or others all of them.
 It is committed to.
 So-called liberalisation and privatisation.
 Critical sectors.
 For human life.
 Such as.
 Energy, transport, railways tackle the energy, transport, railways.
 Them as a field of profitability.
 And just running them with.
 Cost benefit terms will not.
 We are tired of saying it even when they belong to the state and are committed to NATO's imperialist war plans.
 The European Union.
 The United States of America in competition.
 Them with Russia.
 They all agree on Greece's continued participation in the war in Ukraine, even with the.
 Sending staff from the.
 Armed forces beyond the.
 Sending arms to the regime.
 Zelenski.
 It is bound to the interests of the funds of the crows of the banks, from now on a great pogrom is launched against.
 In the houses on the property of the people, based on.
 The laws and the new democracy.
 Both PASOK and SYRIZA.
 The battle.
 This has already started and any.
 People's family manages to.
 Keep her home she manages.
 Only with practical solidarity.
 The organized movement, with the.
 Communists in the first.
 Line.
 Gallery, All these people are engaged.
 The objectives of the.
 Business groups for new even bigger ones.
 Profits at the expense of.
 Many of the workers agree, in setting the minimum wage at about the same.
 Levels that were 11 years ago in the maintenance of the memorandum and other post-memorandum anti-people's laws and commitments.
 Which only loosen the hands of big employers.
 They are committed to European policy.
 Union for energy liberalisation and so-called green growth.
 That launches from the.
 One the energy.
 Poverty for our people and on the other hand it boosts the profits of the energy groups.
 They are committed.
 The objectives of the.
 European Union Recovery Fund.
 They all voted for it together.
 And now with shared.
 Roles are mocked and mocked by.
 Over the people that.
 Taha can this.
 Supermemorandum to have.
 And some positive for the people are fighting among themselves.
 Which business groups.
 Will.
 Absorb this money.
 Hot state money that was accumulated again by our people.
All of them are committed.
 In the European strategy.
 Union for education set in higher education.
 It has led to the current situation described by the phrase university, business with.
 Cheap, working and.
 Students, clients.
 It has led.
 Underfunding of universities in order not to endanger them.
 The targets for the.
 Gains agreed with the.
 Partners for the.
 Years to come.
 The students here in Komotini and in the whole of Thrace are committed to the goal of capital.
 Which is to.
 Pay again the.
 People, the broken ones are fighting.
 For tapas and the.
 Baskets, but together new democracy SYRIZA.
 PASOK rejected KKE's proposals for the relief of poverty and energy poverty.
 Why these proposals.
 The proposals of the KKE.
 affect, you see, the privileges of the few.
 THE differences in the proposals of the other parties are.
 From which pocket will the people pay again because.
 Agree on the big ones.
 For this.
 And they're setting everybody up.
 These disoriented people.
 But fights at the same time.
 See, the new democracy has no problem.
 Thanks to SYRIZA.
 Who voted.
 Critical unpopular bills of the.
 Mitsotakis in Parliament, but also SYRIZA.
 He has no problem admitting that with the new democracy we have no.
 Difference in very serious.
 Issues.
 Like the new democracy.
 He has no problem admitting that he doesn't have.
 Differences with SYRIZA on strategic issues their own words.
 From.
 PASOK is also close, which claims.
 The role of the porn in any.
 A governmental formation emerges, confirming in this way that the ground shared by these parties of capital is common ground and Day 25 declares that before the elections it can discuss.
 With anyone to form a government.
 The.
 KKE has not just.
 Differences, but located.
 Truly against the interests of the business groups, governments and their parties that exercise.
 Unpopular policy.
 The KKE does not have.
 Commitments to domestic and international elites for this can be put forward to develop mass decisive struggles.
 For the defence.
 Of our people.
 Means and.
 Outside the Parliament.
 To make businessmen pay the bills.
 Groups and not the people.
 All of you, you know And you understand.
 That the support, the vote for the KKE.
 There it will stay in the people itself will not mutate.
 Neither support you nor.
 S, if not in any unpopular government, whatever its composition, whatever the parties that make it up, this responsibility is assumed by.
 The Mr. Mr.
 Ε.
 Towards our people and our youth to always be.
 On their side stronger Mr. Mr. E Well, for peace.
 Because peace, stability for peoples can be based on.
 Only in cooperation.
 Them in their common struggle.
 Against.
 To governments, to imperialist governments.
 Alliances that sow.
 Divide and rule among the many.
 For the few to win the solidarity of our people with our friendly peoples, our neighbouring peoples of Turkey and Syria after the devastating earthquakes.
 He made.
 Kroto and sent a message.
 The peoples have nothing to divide between them.
On the occasion of our gathering here in Komotini today, we want to call once again especially the workers, all the industrialists, the people of the Muslim minority to.
 They are determined to join Mr. Mr.
 Ε.
 And in all the battles ahead of us.
 They have proof of where politics has led them.
 All the other parties.
 Who look at them only as votes.
 And they are playing dangerous games on their backs, knowing that the communists are fighting against all segregation against.
 In every oppression they fight for the common.
 Struggle of all workers, all self-employed, all farmers, regardless of.
 Religion by ethnicity.
 Origin know that the.
 Communists.
 Struggling in practice.
 To make minorities.
 Bridge of friendship.
 Of the peoples stronger Mr. Mr. E.
 And why the JKE.
 He shows no tolerance.
 In no unpopular policy.
 Whatever cloak she.
 Wears because it reveals that today there is a solution.
 In favour of the working people.
 In conflict with the rotten system and the various.
 Governments of.
 To make them stronger.
 The promising foci.
 Resistance to unite.
 All these in one.
 A great nationwide movement of struggle and subversion.
 There it will be deposited all.
 The power, the dynamics.
 His and.
 The day after the elections.
 As every vote, every first place and every positive result that has been given to the communists, the workers, the young and the young.
 Wherever and whenever ballot boxes have been set up this four-year period.
 Latest.
 Example of the recent Court.
 She laughed, where the ballot paper.
 in which communist trade unionists participated came second with a significant rise.
 And 23 percent.
 100.
 Gal, before that, this was done to the civil servants in the Adeddy.
 Where again Mr. Mr.
 E within reach.
 From the first one in the student elections, where the Panspoudashtiki ballot paper won.
 After 36.
 Years the first place.
 Tearing down from.
 This position of the boat.
 So as.
 We have struggled in recent years so here we go.
 And at the polls that will.
 Set up with the.
 Communists and communists on the KKE ballot paper.
 In hand.
 Alone and all.
 Because only the.
 People save the people in.
 Road of subversion.
 And he.
 It is the only way that can today.
 Guarantee the never again shouting all and sundry.
 Where they are on the streets these days.
 The JKE.
 He takes on the great responsibility, not only to be.
 In front of the games.
 In order to repel new anti-people's measures, to wrest conquests, to hear the.
 Truth against the mud against the muck.
 The mainstream propaganda, but.
 And especially to.
 Realize the people.
 The great power he has to determine.
 He developments to his advantage, as.
 It's happening to a certain extent these days.
 At.
 Roads of struggle become more and more.
 Massive belief that the.
 Let's go where they take us.
 The bourgeois parties turns out.
 Only.
 In ever worse situations.
 That the people.
 And youth is for.
 Many more deserve them all.
 They can build a world.
 Where all these tragedies that.
 We are currently experiencing becoming only a bad past of this system.
 Who sees them.
 All as potential profit.
 So, yes.
 The Mr. Mr.
 Ε.
 is here to pave the way for the.
 People.
 Real landlord in his place to have the real.
 Authority.
 So that he can command his wealth so that they can.
 He and the children.
 Of living safely to rejoice.
 Their life to return to them their labour.
 Their job yes.
 Friends and friends of the.
 KKE is ready from today to contribute to take part in a.
 Such governance of such a genuine power of the working class of our people.
 Because it has.
 Programme, scientifically elaborated.
 That puts in.
 Focusing only on people and their needs.
 A power that will unravel.
 With the drones that.
 They live from work.
 Of the many others.
 And that's why this administration will not be stingy.
 This power the wealth they produce.
 The many to him.
 Returning to the poles.
 To live.
 All and sundry.
 A happy life to open and walk on the highways of the future, for us, for the children.
 Our for those who.
 Leave.
 For those who will come.
 For the 57 of Tempe we will succeed, we will win, we will open.
 All and sundry.
 Together all generations together, the way to the great, the beautiful.
 And the shocking socialism.
 For our most Beautiful Days are yet to come.
 Hello you will.
 Good strength, good health.
 To all and sundry.
 We are moving forward dynamically.
