These are good days, difficult, hard days, election campaign, but these are good days, because this is not just an election campaign, it is being built in the context of the elections, the elections are the incubator, they are the incubator of what is being built, which is the new great Left that this country needs.
We have shown all this time what selflessness means, what setting aside the ego means, and that is where the alliance for rupture came from.
We are not just talking about the entry of MPs from the MP25 Alliance for Rixi, who will be many more than last time.
We are talking about the creation of the disobedient, disobedient, selfless, selfless, adamant, fighting left, as a great party which will not simply bring back with more demands from itself, the "no" to the House of Hellenes and Hellenic Women, but will build a completely different path, building a party and at the same time carving a road, which we will all walk together.
Today we are concluding a process of setting up the unity ballot papers of MP25 Alliance for Rixi.
You are here several of the candidates in addition to the Central Committee Members , congratulations, thank you for honouring the ballots the announcement of the ballots today will be posted on the internet, it has already been posted on the internet,  but to give a tone a mood, an atmosphere, an idea of the concept, of what MERA25 Alliance for Rise means, with a very short video which will describe, will describe, will describe, will present the 15 the 15 of the State ballot paper go.
.
.
Before the ballot box it is worth listening to the soul of the parties that as revealed in their State ballot paper, the State ballot paper of MP25 Alliance for Rixi has the consistent campaigner our champion Sophia Sakorafa in front of it, followed by the leading professor of Economics of the University of Athens Nikos Theocharakis who in 2015, as Secretary General of the Ministry of Finance, was infuriating the Trojans by catching them hopelessly unreadable.Christina Baltatzi is a 34 year old Greek expatriate, child of the crisis, an agronomist, activist and a conscript member of the Political Secretariat of MPA25.
Despina Charalambidou from Thessaloniki, an iconic member of the Left, former Vice President of the Parliament, MP and member of the L.A.E.
The expatriate architect Kostas Stefanidis is an Australian resident, a member of DIEM25 and an active member of the expatriate community and MP25 Melbourne.
Serafim Seferiadis, Professor of Political Science at Panteion, Director of the Laboratory of Conflict Politics and above all, a fighter inside and outside the Universities.Urban planner Christos Mouratidis, resident in England, also a child of the crisis, one of the first members of DIEM25 in 2016, is running as our third expatriate candidate.Alexandra Koronaiou Professor of the Department of Psychology and former Dean of the School of Social Sciences of Panteion, a member of the left, Feminism and Movements.
Stathis Kouvelakis, for decades a professor at Kings College London, a leading figure in Marxist Political Science, a continuator of the tradition of Althusser and Poulantzas, a member of the Radical Left in France and Greece.Our great actress Mania Papadimitriou, activist, former member of the Parliament and member of the L.A.E.
Alexandros Bistis, political scientist, activist, left-wing activist, member of the Central Committee and Coordinator of Political Planning of Syriza until the summer of 2015 and candidate of the State of the Republic of Greece for MPA25 in 2019.
Marie Velonaki, for two decades Professor of Social Robotics at UNSW University of Australia, is a world-renowned and pioneering professor of Robotics Science, a member of DIEM25 since 2016 and a candidate for the State of Greece for MERA25 in 2019.
Alexandra Kasimi, an iconic athlete from May 1968 in France to the present day in Greece.
The Economist, Author and former member of the political secretariat of Syriza Christos Laskos, who in 2015 resigned with us and set sail for our common resistance to the "leftist" memoranda and finally, our beloved Syntenko, the legendary Lyraris from Anogia, our heartfelt friend and comrade, Psarantonis, who, as in 2019, occupies symbolically, but as substantially as possible, the honorary position of our State ballot.MER25 Alliance for Rixi.
It is the State ballot paper that sets the tone that confirms what I told you at the beginning that these are good days, with Psarantonis Xylouris closing the State ballot paper, with Sofia Sakorafa starting it.
The other thirteen in between, I think, demonstrate the long journey we have already made and the even longer journey we will make from today.The messages, fellow travellers, comrades, comrades, friends from all over Greece are overwhelming, from Nea Smyrni, from Rhodes, where we were yesterday, the day before yesterday, from Thessaloniki, from all corners of Greece, a world that had been defeated, a world that felt hurt, that hid in its shell after the capitulation of 2015, that magnificent world of no,   has been reinvigorated, even people who do not follow MP25, even people who do not follow Popular Unity, who are not in the groups and movements that have joined the Alliance for Rupture, they see people who are putting aside their egos, they see people who are creating a frontal united movement and they are reinvigorated and coming to our ranks.
Some more bravely, others more timidly, some less sceptical, others more sceptical, but little by little they come and so the great militant Left that was so lacking in this country is being built and will continue to be built after the elections.
That is why I think it is something very positive that we should applaud, embrace and give us great joy and satisfaction.
The black propaganda of the system against us has started again.We are happy about it, we love their hatred and their lies, because it means that we are doing something good.
The hits below the waist prove that we are really on the right track.
If the trolls of the right, the channels of the interconnectedness, were saying good things about us, then we should have existential angst, They don't say good things about us, they demonize us and we thank them.
Their target is a party that threatens them.
The MERA25 Alliance for Rise faction that is not afraid to name them and you know what?
we update what we say every day, because every day a new scandal, a new snatch, a new plunder is launched by Mitsotakis SA.
and the oligarchy behind Mitsotakis Inc.
and launching the new coalition government with either a progressive or a liberal bias.
An example: TEN-T.
We've talked again and again about the PPC that was given to CVC in that predatory hedge fund in London.
Let's also talk a little bit about the TEN-T.
The PPP was given by the Mitsotakis government to a bank brokerage company called Macquarie have you heard of it?
 the so-called Macquarie of Australian origin?Macquarie has a long tradition of looting and criminal actions against former public entities.
In particular, Macquarie bought the London water company a few years ago.
He gave 5 billion.
pounds, of which it borrowed 3 billion.
and loaded it into the company he bought.
Like I come to your house to get it and borrow from you to get it.
And since they did that, you know what else Macquarie did?
They took another 8 billion.
loans, put it on the backs of the water company and finally put it in their pockets.
These gentlemen have the TEN.
Do you know what DEDDIE will do with the help of RAE and Mitsotakis SA from 1 May, but retroactively from 1 January?
It will increase the unit fixed charge for our homes and shops from 52 cents per kilowatt hour to €4.4.
That's an increase of 752%.
What other party says all this?
Have you heard any other party say all this?
Which other party has made red loans, Hercules, auctions its flag from the beginning?
From the first day we were founded, it has been our language to warn the Greek people of the plunder that is coming.
To propose a bill for Odysseus to replace Hercules and clean up this muck.
Shall we add a few more elements?
Intrum Hellas.
One of these toxic red loan funds imposed by the troika.
They just put out figures for a 113% increase in profits in the last 12 months.
H DoValue +237%.
 And they ask us to applaud them!
What do profits mean for these companies?
DoValue has managed in the last six months to add one million citizens to its portfolio.
Loans to a million Greeks and Greek women.
Only the DoValue.
And you know that in addition to the 1.5 million properties that they have in their hands right now that they're gambling with, which they're killing off, they're monetizing, they're making derivatives, and they're taking it all out to the Cayman Islands.
According to Hercules' market people's predictions, another 700,000 properties will be added to this 1.5 million.
How can they not listen to Greece and rub their hands?
Let the world's financiers cheer when they hear Greece.
The profits they make as a percentage of their investments do not exist elsewhere.
Only in bankrupt Greece.
It is from the flesh of a dying Greece that predators and hyenas make such profit rates.
Obviously they're excited.
Obviously they will give investment grades, because anyone who buys Greek private or public debt earns amounts that even Jeff Bezos of Amazon can't conceive of as a percentage of profit.
They talk about investment.
Mr.
Mitsotakis wants us to applaud the fact that he says investment has increased.
But it doesn't tell us what those investments are.
It's Intrum, which comes in, gives you three grand, gets you a 100,000 loan and they consider that a direct foreign investment.
If possible!
He brings in three grand, takes fifty and takes it out to the Cayman Islands and that's considered an investment by our regime, by Mitsotakis SA.
If the voters of the Southwest were to hear all this, they would rise up and throw them in the wastebasket.
Not of the unmeritorious, but of the useless.
That's why they demonise MP25.
That's why the black propaganda, they're going to close the banks, they're going to bring back the rift, we're going to have capital controls again.
Why do you think they are pulling all these lies about 2015 out of the dustbin again?
Not to be out of earshot of what Intrum is doing.
So as not to hear what Vardinoyannis, Latsis, all these gentlemen are doing.
Surplus says.
The Greek government has a surplus again.
That's good in theory, isn't it?
No, it's not nice.
It is good not to have a deficit.
Especially in a state that is bankrupt.
Not having to borrow to pay salaries and pensions.
That's good.
The surplus is not good.
If we had a stand, a business, a family, surplus is good, it means you have a profit or you put something aside.
But when you are a state and you have a surplus, that means a deficit for the people.
Because one euro of surplus for the state means that it took from the people and did not use it for public health or education, but gave it to the Troika and the lenders, or borrowed it to give benefits to Mytilineos, Latsis, Vardinoyannis, through the energy exchange, with all these IOUs they call passes.
The market pass, the fuel pass, what is all that?
IOU's are.
They had a problem when the IOU's were for the Greek people's resistance to the Troika, but now they're using them just fine, they have no problem when it comes to subsidies for the greed, the obscenity, the austerity called inflation, subsidies for their own shareholders, see bosses.
Friends, get ready for an escalation of black propaganda and scaremongering.
For fake news that would make Donald Trump blush.
The scaremongering of the right and the establishment has been constant for decades.
They used to say, "People, don't vote for them, they're communists, they'll take your houses.".
Now that the houses are being taken by their own people, the funds, they don't talk about them.
In the house of the hanged man, they don't talk about funds.
Now they have a new scare story, you've heard it in the last few days: "people, the MP25 will close your banks".
Who says that?
Those who dare to talk about closing banks are those who, when we became government in 2015, did everything to close the banks.
Do you remember December 2014?
One month before the January 2015 elections.
Stournaras started the bank run by predicting, by implication, that there would be a liquidity problem in the market.
This has never been done before in the history of capitalism by a central banker, i.e. to come out and predict a problem.
His job is to make sure there is no problem.
It's there so there's no problem.
It's like the fireman who enters a theatre full of people and starts shouting "run because we're burning!
».
If the fireman tells you that, imagine what has to happen.
That's how Stournaras did the bank run.
And then you remember Mr.
Georgiades and others who went out and advised people to pull their money out of the banks to support the bank run?
They were begging the vasta Gerouns to close our banks so that a government that dared to say No to the privatisation of everything, even for 15 minutes, would fall.
No to the abolition of the ESAS.
No to 24% VAT.
No to tax prepayments.
This is their life and their state.
.
.
And they dare to say that we will close the banks.
.
.
Now what else are they saying?
People, you will lose the euros you have deposited in the banks if you vote for MP25.
Just think, they dare to tell the people that they will lose their savings, who?
Those who forced the people to spend whatever savings they had to live on over the years.
The people who see the IRS seizing their bank accounts.
Through the bank accounts they take from the poor every penny they have.
Are they talking about deposit insurance?
Of course, those of us who are a little older are not surprised.
We remember in 1981 the right wing screaming that Andreas Papandreou, like a new Hoxha, would turn Greece into Albania.
Who forgot these?
In 2015, do you remember what they were saying?
That SYRIZA will turn Greece into Venezuela.
Today, they are.
They are screaming that the MP25 is coming to take us out of the euro.
From Europe, the civilized world, the galaxy.
They have no limit to their imagination.
It seems that we are doing something good.
For them to be so alarmed that they say such nonsense.
Of course, that's what you get if you name the oligarchs in parliament who pull their strings.
Explaining, as we did before with the example of the DEDDIE, the shenanigans that they are pulling, and explaining them to the Greek people, who, if they listen to what we are saying, understand what happened.
That's why they want to create a cacophony, a noise, a demonization, a black propaganda, so that the voice of MP25, our explanation of what their bosses are doing, what the shareholders of Mitsotakis SA are doing, does not reach the ears of the Greek citizens.
Of course the lie does not stop at the borders of the official right, PASOK, if Andreas Papandreou sees from where this PASOK of Mr.
Androulakis you can be sure that they are being broken down every day.
But there are now some circles within SYRIZA that are flowing towards PASOK, not only have they themselves been smeared, but they are flowing towards PASOK, who are suggesting on some TV panels that MERA is playing with the drachma.
We will not let them mislead our members, our officers, our candidates, nor the people.
We start rationally.
There are friends, fellow travellers, basic questions that every Greek must answer.
Shall we take them with moderation and rational constitution?
First, we have answered a legitimate question, but it is necessary for everyone to ask it: is Greece sustainable without reversing the memorandum commitments?
Some believe it is: Tsipras, Mitsotakis, Androulakis.
We believe it is not.
It's an interesting discussion, but let's have it.
Second, which cost is greater: the yes to everything in the Troika that will leave us with banks open for those with money, which are no longer too many, and certain desertification, or is the cost of a break with all that makes Greece unsustainable that deepens the possibility of real growth that is a prerequisite for not deserting the country greater.
What's bigger?
The yes to everything that brings desertification or the rupture that can reverse desertification?
This is a basic question that you out there, who are not members of MERA25, who may not even be interested in voting for us, are being asked to answer.
Because what is at stake is the future of this country.
Because if we are right, we in Mera25, this country has no future.
A fixed strategy for the abolition of Greek democracy, a fixed strategy for the creation and expansion of the debt serfdom is a two-step move, like a two-step dance move, which the parties in power have been implementing since 2009-2010.
The first step is to cultivate a climate that expulsion from the euro means expulsion from the European Union, which means national destruction.
We are entering this world: exit from the euro equals exit from Europe equals national disaster.
It's the first thing you cement in the mind of the Greek.
What is the second step?
every time people like us propose the minimum that should and can be done within the EU, within the European framework, you propose, for example, to move VAT from 24 to 19, to 15.
Anything, on red loans, something that's consistent with the European framework, the moment you suggest that, they put the tape, we'll kick you out of the euro if you insist.
So we're going to the first step out of Europe, so it's a national disaster.
Their result and goal is one: to put out of public debate any policy that puts a brake on the plunder of the majority, that ends obscenity, that prevents the plunder of the state and private individuals.
They have been recruiting since 2010 seven big lies, like the seven plagues.
The first lie, and it's very topical these days, if we continue to say yes to everything, is that people's deposits in Eurobank, Alpha, Piraeus banks are secure.
Ladies and gentlemen, fellow travellers, Greek people, if you are listening to us out there, your deposits are not guaranteed.
There is no bank that is safe in the whole world.
Think of Credit Suisse.
If it wasn't safe and collapsed, if Lehman Brothers in 2008 was unsafe and collapsed, Piraeus, Ethniki, is not safe.
They need preparation to become safe, they need tools that do not exist in the Greek state.
What the Swiss state did.
A combination of a state with deep pockets and a central bank with a printer that prints Swiss francs.
And they printed tens of billions to calm down the Swiss banking system, which the Greek government wants to do, but it can't.
Firstly, it can't borrow billions, it's already bankrupt and secondly it has no printing presses to make euros.
Which means: the only way to make deposits safe is to abolish the monopoly that banks have on the payment and savings system.
Example: with digital accounts of absolute security provided by the central bank.
That's what the phrase I used in an article recently, which the trolls in the system are excited to use to demonize us and especially me, "Blowing up the banking system" means.
It means taking away their monopoly on the payment system, to get a coffee today with your plastic card you have to go through a mainstream bank.
That's the end of the monopoly, we have digital systems.
Mr.
Pierrakakis could build such a platform, we would build it better, of course, it could take the payment and savings system out of the banking system so that the savings of the citizens are not at risk at all.
That's one lie.
That if we're good kids, savings are safe.
It is not.Second lie: Growth, he says, is proceeding because the 2015 rupture was avoided.
So we in MP25, who want a rupture again, are the threat to growth.
What development... Third lie.
That it says if we leave the euro, we will automatically leave the European Union.
So the MERA, since it is discussing the creation of a national currency, if necessary, is not our policy, if necessary, so we want to take the country out of the European Union.
Don't be silly.
There is no mechanism for any country to be easily expelled from the European Union, even if it wants to be.
We don't want to.
I will come back to that.
So the third lie is that if we leave the euro we will leave the European Union.
This is not the case, as Eric Edman very rightly said in a television program that the New Democracy lie-truth team did us the honor of getting these statements from Eric, which were excellent.
We have to congratulate Eric Edman, who, representing the MP25, said one truth: they thought we were caught in the act, that if we are thrown out of the euro we will make our own currency?
Of course we will make our own currency.
And they thought we were caught in the act.
You have the DIMITRA system.
I will revert to the DEMTRA system.
Yes, we do.
We submitted it to the Parliament as a proposal for a law.
Do you know why they dislike us?
They can't stand that there is a party that tells the truth, that honestly looks at the people and doesn't sell them bullshit.
We tell them that the rupture has a cost, just like the revolution of 21, just like the October 28th NO.
Is there a fuss at no cost?
Is it possible to break with tyranny, break with serfdom, without paying a cost?
Doesn't it take virtue and daring?
What does virtue and boldness mean?
What did Calvos mean?
He meant that you are willing to pay your share of the cost of liberation.Fourth lie.
The policies of MP25, he says, will bring the closure of the banks, as it happened in '15, when what Varoufakis did brought the closure of the banks.
Draghi closed down the banks so that today the funds can plunder us with red loans, with the energy exchanges, with the TENEO.
Fifth lie.
You're talking about blowing up banks.
I said it before, no, the banking system and the monopoly of payments, not the banks.Sixth lie.
You are proposing, he says, a parallel currency, because the DEMITRA system will create a parallel currency.
Never.
The parallel currency was Schäuble's idea.
Paying in Greek currency and owing in euros.
That will never happen.
The DEMITRA system produces liquidity in euros, as long as we have the euro, otherwise we go to national currency.Seventh lie.
You say you are asking people to make payments in IOUs.What are you talking about?
You're telling us?
You who have made the IOUs vouchers for the Greek citizen to live humiliated?
You dare to say such things?
These are the seven lies.
And I come now to the DEMITRA system.Look, I feel a very deep human emotion, as Andreas Papandreou would say, that they have now put in the Free Press, a dirt, as Andreas would say, the front page of the DEMITRA system of MERA25.
For years we have been trying to have a conversation about the DEMTRA system.
Silence, dead silence.
Now they've made us front page news.
We thank them.
They want to do it to demonize us, but it gives us an excellent opportunity, fellow travellers, especially you who are candidates, to go out and explain the DEMITRA system, to explain it proudly.
To let people understand why it is a very important system.
We'll take it from the top.
The DEMITRA system is a necessary tool, a public digital transaction system that is not related to the banking system and is not locked into the Central Bank, either the Greek Central Bank, which doesn't exist, basically the Frankfurt Central Bank, the European Central Bank.
It's a system that we should have in the euro.
To put it a little more forward, Italy should have had it.
It's an ideal system that gives degrees of fiscal freedom to the eurozone member states, a system that should be in place to strengthen our position here in the euro, which at the same time, if in the event of a banking crisis banks close down, either on their own, like Credit Suisse, or because Draghi closed them down, they reduce the cost of such a bank run.
And thirdly, if you need, if you need a national currency, the DEMITRA system can be the basis on which you can easily and cheaply build a national currency, if you need it.
Here they start screaming and screaming, burning us.
Are you talking about a national currency?
Do you dare to think and plan and promote and propose a financial transaction system, an alternative payment system that breaks away from the banking system with the possibility of using it for a national currency in your mind?
Is it possible to have such plans?
Do you know what the answer is?
Is it possible not to have such plans?
It's like saying to a Minister of National Defence, to a general, "you dare to have a plan what we will do if Turkey takes Rhodes"?
It's my job.
The job of the Secretary of Defense, the general is to have a plan in case the enemy comes in, what you're going to do.
Does it mean you want a war?
You have the plan, because you don't want war, because it's a plan of deterrence to have the plan of war.
This is how war is avoided.
It is the same with DIMITRA.
We want DIMITRA in the euro, but if necessary it will also become our weapon in case of a terrorist attack by the European Central Bank like the one in June 2015.
We do not mince our words.
The closure of the banks in 2015 was a terrorist attack by the troika.
They wanted to terrorize the Greek people into voting Yes in the referendum.
The Greek people were not terrified.
The right-wing trolls of the channels of the oligarchy know this, they cannot tolerate that the Greek people went against their terrorist attack, the terrorism that the channels of the interconnectedness were sowing.
Do you remember that week before the referendum?
People went and voted 62%.
When they tell me '15 again?
You remember '15.
I remember that the Greek people stood up and with 62% said no to Draghi's terrorism, to the terrorism of the channels.
Is it possible to have such a DIMITRA system?
 Of course it is possible.
We can't have anything else.
The Greek state is bankrupt, it cannot support the banking system.
The banking system does not produce liquidity, it charges you, it charges us huge gouge fees to pay with our money for their zero cost.
You know, when you make an electronic transaction, you have a coffee from an Everest, from a Gregory's, and you pay for it with your card, they charge you, you know, they charge the shopkeeper.
Do you know what the cost of this electronic transaction is?
Zero.
 Is it possible that you have a plan to eliminate this cost?
Yes, of course, it is our obligation.
It is our duty.
Is it possible that we do not have a plan to ensure that transactions continue uninterrupted so that people do not lose their savings in case a bank fails due to bankers' stupidity or a global pan-European crisis?
It is necessary.
We are proud of both the technocratic excellence of the DEMITRA system and the fact that we have the political courage to put it forward and in the face of demonisation in the face of fake news to stand up and say, yes we will do it, you like it, you don't like it.
You don't like it, but we'll do it.
When you are asked these questions, because as a candidate it will be the first question you will be asked either in a radio interview, television interview, newspaper interview, maybe in the street.
Ask them, do you think Berlin doesn't have a similar plan for what it will do if its banks collapse if it has to go to Marco?
Do you think London has no such plan?
We're the only ones who don't.
Tell them: anyone who doesn't have such a plan, anyone who doesn't have a system like DEMITRA, should be the one to blame, not the one who does.Ask them: don't you tell me, you who accuse us of breaking with the Troika, is there anything you would say NO to Brussels and Frankfurt about?
something, anything... so if they came to take our children away from us, which is what they're doing with the brain drain, would you tell them to take them away because now the euro is in favour of everything?
 is there anything you would say no to?
Mr.
Mitsotakis has shown that there is one thing he vetoes the EU for: the interests of shipowners when it comes to the ban on transporting Putin's oil.
For the shipowners we have no problem, they broke with the EU, when we say break with the EU to stop the looting through the auctions, ahhh you blew up Europe, Greece into being anti-European, yes.Friends, not to belabor this point any further, it is clear that we are not touched by this fake news or demonization, and they do not even have, and in the final analysis, let me make a political assessment now, they do not even target MERA25-Alliance for Rupture so much, they have understood that we will do well.
The pressure is going towards SYRIZA, do you know what they are asking for right now?
they are asking Alexis Tsipras and the leadership of SYRIZA to make a statement that they will never cooperate with MERA25, this is what the oligarchy is asking, "they are going for drachma", "they are going to close the banks", "you are going to cooperate with them"?
the pressure is on them.
Of course, the leadership of SYRIZA has no desire to cooperate with us as we do with them, it is clear that the rupture between us is final, since they have given land and water to the oligarchs.
 Since they didn't come to talk to us about red loans, about the energy exchange, about taxation, about energy, about the green transition, about nothing.
But they are being pressured by their PASOK partners, Mr.
Vardinoyannis, Mr.
Pigeon, Mr.
Latsis etc. to disown us.
This is SYRIZA's internal problem; it does not concern us, friends, fellow travellers, comrades.
But it concerns us when the leadership of SYRIZA teaches us a lesson about the popular mandate and the popular will, when they say, for example, that if SYRIZA becomes the first party, we can't make them the government again, if they need our votes because we will have circumvented the popular will.
Are you serious?
are you teaching us a lesson who?
the ones who threw 62% of the will of the people that night into the wastebasket?
are they going to teach us a lesson in popular will?
 Listen to what they are telling us: they are telling us that you are addressing the Greek people and asking for the vote of the citizens to break with the oligarchy, to abolish the energy exchange, to abolish Herakli, to reduce VAT, to abolish mining, to break the agreement between Greece and Israel with the despicable Mr.
Detanyahu, you give this perspective to the people and you ask for a vote for it, take that vote and then betray that vote and join us who have guaranteed the oligarchy that we will not do any of this.So, make me prime minister again, says a gentleman, so that I don't do what MERA25 says.
They consider this to be respect for the will of the people.
They weren't slaughtered.
We don't chew, we tell the people what we believe, we believe what we say.Both before and after the elections, that's why we will blackmail you all.In conclusion, let me come to the European profile of MERA25.We started in Berlin in February 2016 as a pan-European movement.We built a movement in which we are all members without having a Greek part, a German part, a French part, an Italian part and even a British part.We are all members of diem25.Those of us who are running in the elections of MERA25, those of us who are members of MERA25, are an integral part of the only pan-European European, internationalist patriotic movement.No one will teach us a lesson about what a European profile means.
They say to us: but you are going against Europe.
There have always been two Europes as fellow travellers.
There was the Europe of Metternich and the Europe of Lord Byron and the Philhellenes.What is Europe?
Metternich?
No!
Lord Byron.
The philhellenes who came here and bled, killed, wept, sweated and sweat to fight with us against the sacred alliance of the then Troika.
There has always been the Troika and there have always been fighters against the Troika.We are with all Europeans who are fighting against the Troika.I will not forget the first Eurogroup that I went to in early February 2015.That day thousands of Greeks gathered in Syntagma Square.
To support what we were trying to do that day at that Eurogroup.
It was moving, but you know what was more moving?
The seven thousand Germans who at the same time surrounded the European Central Bank building in Frankfurt demanding that Draghi listen to the proposals of the Greek government.This is Europeanism!
This is the European profile, this is the Europe for which we are striving!And for this Europe we are making a break, not with Europe, but against those who are destroying Europe.Those who, knowing only too well what they did in Maastricht in 1992, created a euro, a currency that was built, my friends, fellow travellers, comrades, built the euro as an apartment building with many apartments, penthouse, first floor, basement, class stratified of course, but an apartment building with no windows and no fire exits.
And then they set it on fire, the penthouse bankers, the bankers, all those who drove European capitalism over the cliffs, the banking global crisis of 2007-2008, Deutche bank, Finanz bank, Societe general, BNP Paribas, they basically built the Eurozone apartment building, with no windows and no fire exits, they set the penthouse bankers on fire in the lower apartments, that was austerity, that was privatisations, that was the troikas.And we will struggle to extinguish the fire set by the penthouses and we will tear down part of the wall so that there are fire exits, and we will not apologise to anyone for this, it is our European duty!And yes, if we don't manage to put out the fire in this building, after we have built the fire exits, we will get out.
We don't owe it to anyone to burn our people for the penthouses of the European Union.We don't want the drachma.I grew up in a Greek capitalism with the drachma, it wasn't socialism.Changing the currency makes no difference.
The currency should be the servant of the people, not the people the servants of the currency.We don't want the drachma, leaving the euro has a cost, but we will not sacrifice the future for a euro that is used to achieve what the Wehrmacht failed to achieve.We will not do them the favour of leaving the European Union ever!
if we have to go back to our own currency we will create a national currency.But we will never leave the European Union!
for them to leave.One last word about Europeanism.
We, the Left, know what patriotism means.
What is patriotism?
Say yes to everything in government no matter what?
The junta?
Karamanlis?
Simitis?
No.
Patriotism for us, the left-wing Greeks, the patriots of this country, is to be out there, to protest, to demonstrate against our governments.
This is patriotism.
The same applies to our Europeanism.
Do you know what Europeanism means?
Not to say yes to everything and "vasta Geroun", but to go against the directorates and the troikas that are destroying Europe.
Because this establishment, which every European progressive must come into direct support and conflict with, this establishment in the name of Europe systematically divides Europeans.
As soon as the banks collapse, the Franco-German banks collapse and the euro crisis starts, of course here in Greece, before it goes to Germany, France, Spain, Spain, Italy everywhere.
They even brought austerity, now with Macron in France with the well-known results, they created a North-South divide to cover up the basic divide between German proletarians and German bosses, between French proletarians and French bosses, between Italian oligarchs and Italian middle-classes.
Now, with the war in Ukraine, you see that this ... this division is shifting.
I don't know if you read it: Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and some other countries, and Slovakia if I'm not mistaken, have banned the import of grain from Ukraine, which is their biggest favourite with Zelensky against Putin ... Why?
Because their farmers are being destroyed.
With all the volume of agricultural products transported from Ukraine to Poland, Polish farmers are finished.
You will see.
The United States has imposed on the European Union that we open our arms to Ukraine, I am not judging, I am reporting, I am recording, which you know what it means.
It means that the European Rural Economic Policy is coming to an end.
There is not enough money for the farmers of the Ukrainian and Polish state either.
So you see they are dividing the working farmers.
No longer North-South but East-West.
That's the nature of a cartel Europe, because the European Union is a cartel Europe.
We will not leave any European Union.
We will blow up their cartels and through creative constructive disobedience we will veto all that divides Europeans.
Because that's how they operate, they divide to steal from us.
I was just listening to a fellow MP25 member what she faced, a few weeks ago, a young mother and her husband, they wanted to buy a house.
They found an apartment, took out a loan to buy it.
They learned that this apartment came from an auction.
Did you see how they divide the Greeks?
What can you tell them?
Don't take it home?
Someone will get it.
It is the basic strategy of an establishment that cannot even be reproduced, not even in classical capitalist forms.
So we are the rest of us, we are patriots.
We are Europeanists.
And since we are talking about Europeanism, patriotism, rupture and struggle, it is not only us, you know, who are fighting this struggle.
There are also our comrades from Merra25 Germany who are currently running in the state elections in Bremen.
The Germans are out there.
Friends, without rupture, without resistance, the future is as George Orwell predicted.
He said that the people who are not resisting should get their minds around the fact that it is coming.
And the picture he described is a picture of a boot crushing a man's face.
This is the fate of peoples who disparage rupture, who ignore rupture, who say yes to everything.
The young people out there and it is our great joy, our great honour for MP25 to have such an impact on the youth.
It is our great satisfaction and our great hope, our great joy to have an impact on the youth.
The young people out there have two questions.
For themselves and for society in general.
They ask us: who will protect us from capital?
 From the oligarchs.
The answer we give is: the state, the state.
There is nothing else today that can protect you from the oligarch.
But then comes the second question, the most poisonous and most interesting: and who will protect us from the state?The answer: JACEPs everywhere, Consultative Councils of Clerks and Elected Citizens so that society takes the state into its own hands.
The rupture aims at this perspective, the socialisation of the economy, the overcoming of capitalism, a self-managing socialism, a socialism based on socialisation and not on the power of the bureaucrat.
Friends, with these thoughts, you are candidates, you are candidates, remember what ... how I started?
These are good days, enjoy them, have a good time.
Because it is beautiful to convey the message of MERA25-Alliance for Rixi to the people out there, who do not know our message, who need it very much and who will understand how much they need it when you explain it.
Enjoy our demonisation, it is proof that we are on the right track.
The elections, I will say it once again, are only one stop on a long path towards the creation of the unyielding, selfless, disobedient, fighting Left that we are all building together today and here in this Central Committee.
Thank you very much.
