I asked to speak on this bill today, not obviously to compete in toxicity and divisive political discourse with government ministers who have been on this House these two days, but because I think today in this bill we are called upon primarily to talk about a great wound, the great wound that opened a month ago in Tempe.
We are called upon to speak with respect and sensitivity, because this wound is still open.
 It is not closed for the fifty-seven families who lost their people, but it is not closed for any of us, I believe, for the whole of Greek society.
 The need for respect and sensitivity becomes a hundred times more urgent when the universal mourning, as the days pass, turns into a universal anger and a universal demand for truth and justice.
 This is what the grieving families are demanding today, this is what the young people who have been demonstrating for days in all the cities of our country, especially in the big cities, facing the chemicals and tear gas, this is what I believe the whole of Greek society is demanding.
 And this requirement, I think, applies to all of us without exception.
 We have a duty to give space to the light and the truth and there are specific responsibilities that need to be assigned.
 Not everyone is to blame generally and vaguely and no one in particular.
 There are specific strategic choices that have left the rail network in complete disrepair, so that we finally arrive at the unthinkable situation where two trains for about 12 minutes are on the same line, one opposite the other.
 And at the end of the day, I would say that this debt is the ultimate debt to the people who have been unjustly lost, a practical respect for their memory.
 And respect for the victims does not mean hypocritical apologies.
 Respect for victims means respect for the truth.
 Unfortunately, however, the government has decided, as it seems, to proceed in this tragic incident, on the same path it has been on for four years.
 Against truth, against responsibility, against justice.
 And I'll start with the most recent event.
 The support measures for the families of the victims that we are going to vote on today, one would expect that as a minimum act of respect and empathy, these would be the exclusive subject of today's procedure, a draft law exclusively for this purpose.
 But what the government chose.
 To bring a bill that is supposed to be about measures to support the relatives of the victims and the victims of the Tempi train accident and the regulations to enhance the safety of transport with only 21 of its 132 articles on this issue.
 All the other 111 articles are disparate provisions, of various ministries and of course last-minute accommodations, just before Parliament closes for the elections.
 This in my opinion is disrespectful.
 It's disrespectful to the people we lost and their relatives.
 But I would say that it reflects even in terms of symbolism four years of governance in one moment.
 Even worse, I would say that in these four years of one crisis after another, we have a government that baptizes the great wounds in the body of Greek society as inevitable, as imported.
 And even worse, the unjust loss of fifty-seven of our fellow human beings, including many young children, as a "sacrifice" and the crises that came as an "opportunity".
 And the question is: Sacrifice for whom.
 Opportunity for whom.
 For whom so many people, including young children, were sacrificed.
 And for whom were all these crises that we have gone through in recent years, the pandemic, the energy crisis, the poverty crisis.
 An opportunity for the few to amass their wealth and an opportunity for more buffets, favours and strengthening of the party state.
 Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, the truth is first and foremost about respect for the victims and their families.
 But it is also a necessary condition for the citizen, the Greek society, which today feels that it is facing a hostile state, which does not provide any security.
 The average citizen today must feel secure.
 The citizen who lives, works and moves around in this country, every child, every young person who sits at a desk, every worker who takes the suburban railway in the morning to go to work.
 The truth is, therefore, the obligation of all of us.
 That is why, as far as we are concerned, we have tried - and I think you have all seen this from the beginning - not to raise our finger in the critical hours of mourning in particular, not to raise our voice, but we have tried from the beginning to put the real causes, the strategic mistakes and omissions in the public debate.
 We have not made the accident an arena for debate, but we have taken on our duty to do what is necessary as a state to prevent such horrors from happening again.
 And now we intervene so that anger does not become a force for levelling, but becomes a force for truth and justice.
 The easy excuse for Mr.
 Mitsotakis, who should be here today, should be in Parliament - I don't know if the fact that he has announced the date of the elections means that he will not be back in Parliament - not only in the accident, four years now in all the difficult things, is that he has no responsibility, is that he does not know the crucial facts, he did not know.
 He didn't know that outside of intensive care units, intubated patients die.
 He did not know that his nephew set up a parastatal inside the Maximos building to monitor half of the political system.
 He didn't know that his minister had appointed Mr.
 Lignadi.
 He didn't know even now that his minister had left the railway network in ruins.
 Nice executive state.
 The chief of staff knows nothing.
 But who can believe him anymore.
 Hypocrisy there are times when it cannot convince anyone, it cannot hide.
 Everyone now understands that behind the constant "I didn't know" lies the fear of responsibility.
 That is why the responsibility for the accident, in such an outrageous way, on the first day went to the stationmaster, on the second day it went to the rail regulator, on the third day to the previous government - the easy one -, on the fourth day to all of them together, but to no one in particular.
 But a government, ladies and gentlemen, that chooses everywhere, in all critical matters, to cover up and a Prime Minister who is afraid of responsibility is a government and a Prime Minister who fills the whole of Greek society with fear, fear for security, fear for life.
 And seeing the attitude of the government, especially after the tragedy, one feels that this fear, this insecurity and the feeling that those responsible for people's lives don't care - this is the feeling - when they so easily rush to make a ball of responsibility.
 And, you know, the worst thing is that it prepares new tragedies and the attempt to cover up the truth prepares new tragedies.
 It is not a matter of revenge to find out the truth and to be held accountable, it is a prerequisite for not having a similar tragedy again.
So what is the purpose of the Prime Minister's own insistence, on the very next day of the accident, and while the justice system had already been involved from the very first moment, that he and his government appoint a three-member committee of experts for the accident?
 Where did you hear this.
 The people being checked after a major accident that has been brought before the judiciary, in fact, to appoint the committee that will check them.
 And of course you didn't even keep up appearances.
 You appointed the chairman of the OSE, during the period of the overwhelming devaluation of the OSE in 2010-2015, to come up with a conclusion on the long-standing responsibilities, that is, he himself, who was then in charge.
 And after the outcry, you replaced him with another one who also, however, had previously had service contracts with the OSE.
 And today you come to do something even more provocative, something even more offensive to the fifty-seven families and to the Greek society that is seeking the truth.
 You are coming to vote in this bill the unprosecution of these three people on the committee that you appointed to investigate you.
 And I wonder: What are you afraid of and want the experts you've appointed not to be prosecuted.
 The truth is not what they are supposed to be called upon to investigate.
 Fear of being prosecuted for the truth.
 And, really, they know this themselves.
 Did they ask you for it or are you offering it to them without them asking for it?
 They know it and they're asking for untraceability.
 Why untraceable.
 What exactly are they afraid of.
 Whoever wants to reveal the truth, is not afraid.
 The truth scares no one.
 The darkness and the cover-up are frightening.
 And really, what exactly are you as a government doing.
 Invoke confidentiality to those who are called upon to reveal the truth and inadmissibility to those you call upon to cover it up.
 This is what you do and this is a disgrace.
It is a shame because we are dealing here with fifty-seven human lives, with fifty-seven "why" and with millions of "why" because it is not only the fifty-seven families, but the whole Greek society.
However, you were not ashamed and did not hesitate to put on a show in front of the cameras for the non-existent telecommunications in Larissa, in front of a local control panel that the minister wanted to call it telecommunications, but the worker himself told the truth and said it many times, contradicting in a humiliating way in a live broadcast the minister himself.
 Just as you were not ashamed and did not hesitate in an alleged show of force to remove the president of the OSE, but in his place to put a man who was an external adviser to the OSE on issues of signalling telecommunications, that is, the one that did not exist at the scene of the accident.
 It was non-existent from 2019 and in four years, because you are a four-year government, it was never restored.
Do you know to the average citizen what this sequence of events says.
 It says that you first share the clothes of the state and then you share the responsibilities for this state, but your state, the executive state, or whatever you call it each time.
 And of course it says what I said before, that you don't care.
 You don't care about anything and primarily about human life.
 And this is the crucial thing that I think has changed in Greek society in the last few days is that people have now understood this and that's why mourning has become anger and indignation.
So I wonder who can trust a prime minister and a government that has this attitude, who in all his appearances after the tragedy showed and proved that he does not want and cannot understand.
 But the path of cover-up, which you have followed many times in critical events during this four-year period, I believe that from the first of this month there is no more.
 The road of the cover-up is over in Tempe.
 Greek society can no longer tolerate this tactic of cover-up and the only way we have to proceed collectively, I would say as a political system, is the way of truth, to answer the "why" and then go to the "how".
 How we will have safe transport, how systems and public infrastructure should work, how we will set up control and oversight mechanisms, how the life of each and every person will count first and foremost.
 But let's first answer the "why" before we get to the "how".
 I have the feeling that for a month now there is no desire to answer the "why".
 For a month now, almost everything has gone unanswered.
 And the government has to answer these crucial "why" and as long as it does not answer them, its choice to go without answers to these crucial "why" in the election ahead of us, obliges all of us, those of us who will be in the next Parliament - many of the MPs of New Democracy, the ruling party today, will not be, will not be over sixty with any result, that is what the simple proportional representation defines - but those of us who will be in the next Parliament have an obligation to answer.
 And we have an obligation to answer not only to the people we have lost, but I repeat to the whole Greek society the "why".
Why the telecommunications centre in Larissa, which was destroyed by fire in July 2019, four years to date remains a ruin.
 And that alone, if it had worked, would not have caused the accident.
 Why the secondary center of Charles was dismantled in 2020.
 Why the fatal stationmaster was illegally appointed.
 Why the minister with a photographic ministerial decision came afterwards five days after the appointment to legalize it.
 Why were unqualified and untrained stationmasters placed in critical positions, for which the Regulatory Authority asks to be recalled from positions of responsibility today.
 Why in the summer of 2019 there were one thousand two hundred permanent employees in OSE, twenty-five stationmasters in Larissa and today there are only seven hundred and fifty in OSE and only ten stationmasters in Larissa.
 Why the GSM-R system, which had been fully delivered and staff fully trained in its use by 2019, four years later is still not operational.
 Why did the Minister not respond to the continuous and repeated letters of the workers, who were asking for safety and predicting the fatality.
 Because the OSE-TRAINOSE contract, which initially provided for the obligation for 600 million investments by the Italian company and the obligation of the State to proceed with the safety projects, was finally brought to this Chamber and passed by the parliamentary majority, but without either the 600 million or the obligation for the safety projects.
In these "why", ladies and gentlemen, lies the truth.
 And we have a responsibility to answer these "why" questions.
 Because if we do not answer them, there can be neither justice for today nor security for tomorrow.
 If we don't answer them, we will be hiding behind the long-standing pathologies of a state that you created, maintained, shared and exploited in all possible ways, in order to finally reach the last rung of the ladder, the ladder of evil, when you decided to baptize its inefficiency as executive, its inefficiency as excellence, its family rule, its bureaucracy, its bribery, its corruption and its protection, the dismantling of every public structure on the altar of speculation and obscenity.
But here we are, I think the last red line has been crossed.
 So far.
 This is the message that comes not from the Chamber here, not from the opposition wing, but from society.
 So far.
 When a government cannot even protect human life, then change becomes a necessity.
 The truth becomes a necessity.
 Justice everywhere is needed.
 And necessity becomes history with the participation, action and vote of the people.
