The Prime Minister's speech in full "Mr. Ministers, Mr. Regional Governor, Mr. Mayors, Mr. Chief, ladies and gentlemen, dear members of the Armed Forces and the Greek Police, Three years ago, everything was different here.
 We were reminded very vividly through the description of Police Officer George Tournakis.
 Tens of thousands of illegal immigrants, transported en masse from all parts of Turkey, constantly attempted - and often with the use of violence - to enter Greek territory.
And already by the end of February, from that night of the 28th to the 29th of February, the place, not here but mainly further north, in Kastanies, had essentially turned into a battlefield, with attempts to invade accompanied by operations to undermine and destroy the deterrent barrier that exists in northern Evros on the other side of the border.
 What we experienced here, three years ago, was the first but not the last phase of a new form of hybrid warfare breaking out in Europe.
And yet Greece, which at the same time, I would like to remind you, at that time was organizing its defense against the coronavirus wave, won this war.
  It defended in practice its national sovereignty in Evros and in the Aegean and overturned the plans of all those who sought to make the migration problem a lever of political pressure.
 Those who instrumentalized the suffering of persecuted people.
At the same time, he made this challenge not only national but also European, calling three days after the crisis broke out, here, on the spot, on the borders of our country, the entire leadership of Europe.
I dare say it was the moment when in practice, in practice and not in words, the eastern borders of our country were effectively transformed into the borders of Europe.
 And this was confirmed by the presence of the President of the European Council Charles Michel, the President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen, the late President of the European Parliament David Sassoli, the President of the European Parliament David Sassoli, the President of the European Council Ursula von der Leyen, the President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen and the President of the European Parliament David Sassoli.
All of them have vindicated your own struggle, saying that Evros is not just a beautiful region of northern Greece, but is essentially an outpost of Europe and the western world.
I have made this particular introduction, ladies and gentlemen, not only to recall the difficulties that our country has overcome, nor simply to emphasise how valuable the unity of society and the readiness of the state proved to be at that time, but also to highlight the continuity and consistency of a unified immigration policy.
A, as the Minister of Immigration and Asylum said, fair but effective policy, which sees and can and shields the borders of our country, while saving innocent people, thousands of innocent people, especially in the Aegean Sea, from the ruthless gangs of traffickers.
It is a policy that is reflected in today's event.
 Because this new section of the artificial barrier of Evros that will be built will add 35 more kilometres from Psathades to Kornofolia.
 With autonomous surveillance systems and new outposts of both the Army and the Police.
 And with even more border guards, which will increase by 250.
I was delighted to hear the earlier story and the passion with which a young border guard spoke about what she does, emphasizing that the vast majority of new border guards here come from the Evros region.
 I think you have other experiences and you may possibly understand even better the specificity, the difficulty, but also the importance of your function.
Eventually this fence will reach 140 kilometres and will stretch across the entire border of Evros.
 This fence - which was built in record time - together with the existing section that already exists in northern Evros, was one of the reasons why we have managed in recent years to prevent more than 250.
000 - I repeat, more than 250.
000 illegal immigrants to enter Greek territory.
Because at maritime borders these deterrents have actually increased tenfold, exposing some people who once didn't even distinguish borders at sea.
 But by exposing the party that these people serve.
Because I want to remind you that a prominent member of SYRIZA asked - just the other day - from the European Parliament, in an urgent way, expressing an obviously different view on the way the country's immigration policy should be exercised, that the European Union should not finance such artificial barriers at its borders because they are supposed to violate international legality.
Let me put it very simply: what SYRIZA is asking for today is that the project you see here, this expensive project, because - as you can see - we are talking about a heavy construction, that the European Union does not pay for it, as it could under certain conditions, but that you all pay for it, the Greek taxpayer.
Therefore, from here I must ask the leader of the opposition something again which he carefully avoids to answer: does he want to continue the construction of the fence or not?
 Or does it ultimately seek to demolish this project that has been built.
I regret that I have to say this here, but I want to stress that this attitude is essentially a national exception, all the more so when it comes after the adoption of miserable lies about alleged incidents which some people say took place here in Evros, but which turned out to be lies.
Because I remember very well - I remember it too, the Ministers remember it too - the "little Maria" incident.
 When we were looking to find out where these people were, on which island of Evros they had been found.
 And when they were finally found and started to talk, we understood that this whole story, which was dragging the country abroad, was nothing more than a badly played lie.
A lie, unfortunately, which was adopted with great ease by some political forces within our country in order to hurt the government, only they did not understand that it was the prestige of the country that was being hurt and not the government.
I would like to take this opportunity to stress the need for the policy of instrumentalizing refugees and migrants to stop and to be stopped by the neighbouring country with which we have the opportunity to cooperate - we have done so in the past - and to manage this difficult issue, which also has a strong humanitarian dimension.
Greece will welcome any positive step at any time.
 We know from the past that sometimes these things, of course, are noted.
We will always oppose any aggression with readiness.
 But I want to stress that we welcome the goodwill shown by Turkey in recent months.
 We are always ready to give back.
 But we are not naive.
 We are intentional but not naive.
And we really hope that between now and the elections - which are taking place in Greece and Turkey at about the same time - we can create good conditions so that after the elections we can pick up the thread of our differences again, but always guided by international law.
 So we are happy about this good climate but in no way - you know this better than I do - do we rest on our laurels.
Ladies and gentlemen, in addition to deterrence, everyone, including in Europe, is now just as well aware of the other indicators relating to immigration policy.
 I want to remind you that in 2015, in the days of open borders, 75% of illegal immigrants who entered Europe crossed our continent through the Greek borders.
 Today this percentage is below 10%.
 Last year alone, the Coast Guard rescued more than 2.
500 people in the sea.
 The unacceptable situations in Moria no longer exist.
I want you, the Evrites, who have gone through your own ordeal, to remember that our islanders have faced similar problems.
 In the past, more than 40 people used to pile up on the islands - and I'm sorry to use this term, it's not appropriate, but it reflects the reality that we inherited - more than 40.
000 people.
 Today there are a little more than 4 million people on the Aegean islands.
000.
 Others 9.
000 are accommodated in 33 modern facilities across the country, instead of 120 -I want to remind you- in 2019.
At the same time, modern human structures have been built on all the islands to replace this wretched sight of Moria - with European funding - most of which have few residents, but exist there as a safety net.
In the same period, however, the country dealt with and healed other wounds of the past.
 We acquired - and this was a personal decision of mine, because I have always been moved by this aspect of the refugee problem - a special secretariat for unaccompanied refugee children.
 We changed their protection system.
 Their numbers have been halved, many ending up in other countries to be reunited with their families.
Today, there is no unaccompanied refugee child who is not in a facility that is suitable to deal with the problems of a teenager or adolescent who is away from his or her family in a foreign country.
The same picture of progress, however, also applies to asylum procedures.
 When we came into the picture, in 2019, those who supposedly cared about refugees and migrants bequeathed us 200.
000 pending asylum applications.
 Only in the first two months of 2023 we had 990 organized departures from our country.
 And that was because we were able to process these asylum applications.
Currently there are less than 20 pending applications.
000, because we cannot talk about a meaningful and effective migration policy if we cannot separate those who are entitled to international protection from those who are not.
And the policy of Greece and of Europe, here must be absolutely clear.
 Those who are entitled to international protection can stay in our country and are welcome, but those who are not entitled to protection should know that they will return to the countries from which they started, either from Greece or from Europe.
 And that's obviously something we can't do on our own.
Here I want to emphasize, and congratulate both Ministers, because they have many overlapping responsibilities on these issues, the fact that Europe has changed its approach to the refugee issue in recent years.
You know, when we were talking about border protection as a country of first reception and the need to be more - I would say - effective in deterring us, many in Europe looked at us with a jaundiced eye.
 Perhaps from the safety of their own places, far from the borders, they could not understand and perceive what is really happening here in Evros.
But after a lot of systematic work, several cooperation schemes have been created: the MED5, the group of the five first Mediterranean host countries: Greece, Italy, Spain, Malta and Cyprus.
 But also our northern neighbours, Baltic countries and other countries are members of the Vilnius initiative, they are countries that have effectively endorsed the need to protect European borders.
I have to tell you that I am particularly pleased because at the European Council in February, for the first time Europe, at the highest level, in the European Council conclusions, recognised that the starting point for an effective migration policy for Europe is the protection of external borders.
Only if we protect our external borders can we address the issues of secondary flows, relocations, returns, but also the policies of organised reception of migrants on European territory.
Because this is the other side of the coin.
 We want to be able to give the opportunity as Europe, but I dare say also as Greece, to be able to accept human resources in an organised way, but - let me emphasise - also on our own terms, especially in areas where we know that we have shortages.
Although unemployment in our country is falling fast, it is still above 10%, yet you know very well that in the agricultural sector, in the tourism sector, our country has a shortage of labour.
 We can launch schemes of bilateral agreements, new schemes, where we can welcome residents, nationals of other countries to work in our country.
 But we will do this - I stress - in an organised way and on our own terms.
 These people will come legally, work legally, be able to return to their country and all of this will be done legally and controlled, not uncontrolled.
 This is the big difference between our policy on immigration and the policy of the previous government.
And of course, we must not forget that we are also voting for a new Immigration Code.
 It is a section that definitively clarifies the conditions of legal residence of some people in our country.
 It allows, for example, even minor children who came and studied in a Greek school to stay in our country and claim a better future here, if - again, I stress - they have spent three years in a Greek school.
But let me conclude by returning to the experience of the fence and its extension.
 An expansion that - I repeat - will be made and will be made even with national resources, in spite of those who oppose it.
 I will say it again: this investment that you see is not a cheap investment, but it is an investment that is necessary to shield our borders.
We will continue at all levels to fight for its funding with European resources.
 And I believe that this goal is achievable.
 But the construction of the deterrent barrier is a national imperative.
But there is something else, which I want to emphasize: it is a shining example of the state we want, with central planning by the state, with excellent coordination between the Army, the Police, the Border Guards, the Coast Guard, the National Intelligence Service.
 With continuous training in modern media.
 And of course, as we have heard from our two previous speakers, with a high sense of responsibility.
So on behalf of all Greek women and all Greeks I want to say a very big thank you to the women and men of the Border Guard, the Greek Police as a whole, our Coast Guard, our Armed Forces.
 Their faces reflect our determination to keep our country safe and our society ready to continue on the road to prosperity.
 A goal that, as I said, is not only national but is also European now.
And all of the above I believe refutes a number of defeatist claims that this Greece "will never change".
 On the contrary, what happened in Evros and with the support, and I want to stress this, of the local society - a big thank you from the bottom of my heart to the people of Evros, they have put a lot of backbone and they are putting a lot of backbone.
 But what happened here teaches us that our country can change, that it can become better, that the state can become more efficient.
 To truly become a Greece that walks into the future.
 Without, however, forgetting its basic starting point: the patriotism of responsibility.
And as we are here, it is worth remembering what happened in this place, together with the words of a great French academic, geopolitical scientist, Michel Foucher.
 Foucher writes: "The frontier is not a vague demarcation but an institution that establishes structures.
 There can be no states without borders.
 For without them, no one can feel part of a nation or a community, capable of deciding his or her own destiny.".
So it is.
 Evros, therefore, unites us and strengthens us so that we can determine our own future and move forward together, united, firmly, boldly and constantly.
Good start and quickly ready the project.
 We'll meet again here soon.
 Thank you very much".
