Thank you, my patriots, Chaniots, neo-democrats of Crete. I repay you for the great love you show me today.

I expected, of course, that there would be many of us in our old harbour, but I did not imagine that even that would seem small compared to today's impressive gathering.

You know well that it is from here, from my roots, that I always draw strength. Your enthusiasm becomes my courage and it is the spirit of Crete that arms me with optimism, so that we can make a better tomorrow for our generation and the next.

Friends, I did not choose to be on our island on this day by chance. It is an important day, as earlier I met with the President of the Republic, launching the dissolution of the Parliament and the announcement of elections on May 21. Elections that we will win, that New Democracy will win.

In other words, completing our first four years, as I had committed myself from the beginning, so that we can prove, in this way, that we mean what we say. Just as our work shows that we are trying to put into practice what we agree with the citizens.

So as of now, as of today, as I speak to you, the Presidential Decree of dissolution is being deposited in Parliament. Our electoral journey officially begins, with our Chania becoming the starting point for a course that will determine the entire future of the country.

I could not, therefore, have started this journey from any other place. Neither my heart nor my mind would let me. But that is what I am sure Konstantinos Mitsotakis would have wanted. But also Marika Mitsotakis, who, believe me, I can feel them among us today, inspiring our struggle with the same passion for Crete and Greece that they have always had.

Friends, your bright faces, your smiles, your flags mean a lot to me. Your voices, especially the voices of our youth, reach across the sea from coast to coast in our homeland.

Today the people of Chania are sending their own thunderous message of hope. A message of self-confidence, a message of victory, so that Constantine and Helen can celebrate in blue. Blue will not only be blue in Crete, it will be blue all over Greece. The whole territory.

Because Greece remembers us, has seen us and knows us. It does not want a second time in misfortune but gives a second order to progress. And it is true, friends, that for four years together we have been through and overcome a lot. From the hybrid attack on Evros and the migrant incursions to the constant threats. And from the pandemic waves to the Ukraine war, its cascading effects, the international energy crisis, the imported revaluations.

Friends, no government since the post-war period has faced so many obstacles and so many adverse conditions in such a short period of time. Yet we have overcome them all. And we have turned these difficulties, citizens and state, into successes. Our borders remained impregnable. And with a gigantic programme of more than 50 billion, households, businesses and jobs were supported. I am sure that all businesses in Chania are well aware of the support we have given them in these difficult years.

Government again depends on all and sundry. But Greek society will trust us again. It will trust us, friends, because first and foremost we have kept our election commitments. When I spoke again here in Chania, before the July 19 elections, let me remind you a little of what I had committed myself to. What I had told you that we wanted to do.

I told you that I want to reduce taxes and contributions, to boost the income of Greeks, to secure our borders, to unite society, and to upgrade Greece abroad. So the question is: have we done all this? The answer is: yes, we did.

Citizens were relieved of fifty taxes, insurance contributions were reduced by four points. All of you are now paying 35% less ENVIA, above our election commitment. The rate on personal taxes fell from 22% to 9%. The solidarity contribution was abolished and the parental benefit tax was effectively abolished so that today you, parents, grandparents, can pass on your life to your children and grandchildren for free.

We have lightened the shoulders of citizens and the backs of businesses with a burden of 7 billion. This year, some 1.6 million pensioners saw increases of close to 8% for the first time in 12 years. And those who were wronged, since you mentioned Mr Katrougalos, those who are still wronged by the Katrougalos personal difference were boosted by EUR 200-300. I pledge that we will continue to support these pensioners until the Katrougalos personal differential is finally erased.

And not only. The basic salary, we received it at 650 euros. Where is it today? At 780 euros. At the same time that 300,000 new jobs have been created in our country.

Investment and exports are at record levels. It is also something you know, we here in Crete know it well: tourism and its revenues are going from good to better and this year will be another record year for tourism in Crete.

So the Greece of 2023 is nothing like the Greece of 2015-2019. Then we had closed banks, zero growth. On the contrary, today, the country is growing at three times the rate of Europe. Our investments exceed 15 billion a year. The Greek economy came out of surveillance, it was upgraded 12 times.

It is one step away from the investment grade, from cheaper lending for businesses and households, and just yesterday, Eurostat announced that 2022 ended for our country with a primary surplus against a forecast for a deficit, a small one, but a surplus. We have exceeded expectations. The economy is doing better than what we had estimated.

It is a dynamic that becomes larger in relation to public debt. It's down 23 points. 23 points in relation to GDP. It's the largest reduction across Europe.

And all this tangible data is what makes me confidently say that if the citizens trust us and the elections result in a strong government of the New Democracy, I can guarantee you - and here in Chania - that we will have an investment grade before the end of 2023.

This means a new cycle of opportunities for the country. A cycle of opportunities, the prologue of which Crete is already experiencing.

Because despite the successive storms we have faced, look at the progress we have made here on our island. Maybe in our country nothing pleases us but the top, but no one doubts how much Crete's GDP has increased, how many investment projects have been approved, more than 1 billion, many of them in Chania. For every business that closes, here in Crete, three are opened. Here in Chania alone we have created 4 000 new jobs.

And, of course, a word about our primary sector. Farmers and livestock farmers across the country have been supported with tax cuts and targeted aid of more than €2 billion. Reduced VAT on fertilisers and animal feed, refund of the special tax on oil, suspension of the business tax. Here in Crete alone, we have allocated more than 130 million.

The transport equivalent has been paid, and by 10 May, compensation for crop damage will be paid throughout the country.

But, listen. Nikos Kazantzakis wrote, "Lies are an anandry." That is why I am here not for promises, but for words, few and good, that are translated into actions. You will not hear lies from me.

Why, what did I tell you here about our Crete, about the major projects that we are launching, four years ago? The motorway, ports, airports, safe transport and boosting tourism. Irrigation projects to support production and our villages. And thirdly, culture and greenery for a better life in our cities.

So I look you in the eye and I answer you: On the Northern Road Axis, the first section has already started and tomorrow the contract for the second section is being signed, to put machinery on the Hersonissos - Neapolis section.

Immediately afterwards we will have the final offers for the big part, the concession contract from Heraklion to Chania and up to Kissamos. I will repeat what I have told you: I will deliver to Crete a state-of-the-art motorway from Kissamos to Sitia. We designed the BOAK, we financed it, we started it and we will finish it.

At the ports now. We have construction sites everywhere, from Sfakia and Paleochora, to Agios Nikolaos, Sitia, Gavdos. The new pier at the Souda Naval Station is also entering the final stretch. And, of course, perhaps the biggest development project of Crete, by 2027 - with your help I will be the Prime Minister who will inaugurate it - we will have a new international airport in Kastelli, to increase arrivals on the island even more.

I don't need to say much about irrigation. The waters of the river Tavronitis that will irrigate crops in Platanias and Kissamos, a new bridge in Keriti. On culture, today you inaugurated together with the Minister of Culture a new museum in Messara, in Chania, a "jewel" our new museum. And this was done by the Government of the New Democracy.

Projects for the promotion of the Minoan palaces, with a very innovative proposal that will soon be submitted to UNESCO. But, of course, there is also something that was the ardent desire of Constantine Mitsotakis: our mountains, and especially the White Mountains, are finally becoming "Apatity Mountains" and are fully protected, so that we can preserve this unique natural wealth that nature has so generously given us.

Take a look at what is happening around us here in Chania. Projects that exceed 60 million. From the restoration of the municipal market and the preserved building that will house the library, to new cycle paths. The city swimming pool. That's where I learned to swim as a kid, that's where I learned to swim. It was my obligation to rebuild it.

And earlier, in fact, I visited the "Markopoulou" camp. It is finally given to the municipality by decision of this government. 52 acres for a green and recreational lung for all Chanians.

Friends, four years ago some people told us that "the sea has no borders". And so, more than a million migrants were ploughing the land. However, that land of the "open vineyard" no longer exists. Illegal flows are being prevented, and in spite of those voices - I will say it again here, from the other side of Greece - the fence on Evros is being extended. And, indeed, under the seal of Europe, which rejected the wretched Papadimoulis amendment, which called for the defence of the external borders to be - look out - not financed by Community funds. It should be funded by all of us, all of you Greek taxpayers.

It is the same voices that later told us that defence, supposedly, is not an end in itself, to get their answer. With what? 24 new Rafale fighters, 86 modernised F-16 Vipers. The first are already stationed here at the 115th Fighter Wing in Souda. New helicopters, armor, ammunition. But also raises for the Marines.

Something else very important: the regeneration of our shipyards and the Greek Defence Industry. Because for us, the non-negotiable condition of economic prosperity is the defence of national sovereignty. We do not take a single step back from our national rights.

There is, however, another side to the defence. And that, of course, is active diplomacy. We here in Crete know this better. An important agreement with the United States is being implemented here. In the Ionian Sea, our territorial waters now extend to 12 miles.

And for the first time - look, after many words, many discussions - we are exploring southwest of Crete for our natural resources. For the first time, we are doing serious seismic surveys to identify hydrocarbons southwest of Crete. And, of course, we are the ones who proved that we can solve our disputes with our neighbours by defining maritime zones with Egypt.

Has everything therefore been perfect in these four years? No, I will be the first to answer. But I will add, in all honesty, that this government has never invoked the many storms it has managed to give up its objectives. It would be too easy for me to come here today and say: we have had so much, one crisis after another, I have not had time to implement our electoral programme. It did not happen. We served our objectives, we achieved them.

But on the other hand, I remember, when I was speaking here a little further on, on the other side of the harbour, in 2019, I didn't promise you miracles, I'm not a miracle worker, I'm not a magician. I promised you methodical work and great effort. Effort that lasts as the Greece we are building, this Greece we envision, has now acquired solid foundations. The first floors are ready. We must now complete the building. But in order to complete the building of the Greece we all envision, we need the same commitment to the original plan and the same care to avoid mistakes. Eleftherios Venizelos used to say that 'it is the great masters who make the great mistakes'. And do not forget that the country we want began to be built on a deserted plot of land full of mines.

See what happened to the National Health System. Yes, it held up during the pandemic. Yes, it has more than double the number of ICUs, it has more than 15,000 health workers, more than 1,000 of them in total in Crete. It has salaries increased by 10%. But our health remains the big patient. That is why we will allocate 150 million euros just for the modernisation of health structures on our island.

And the same thing happened in education. I am sure that among us we will have some of the 25,000 appointed teachers in our education system. The first appointments made, again, in 12 years. 2,500 in Crete alone. From 62 Standard and Experimental Schools, we have reached 138. Our young children are taught a foreign language in kindergarten and soon every Greek class, from the 5th grade onwards, will have interactive whiteboards. 36,000 new interactive whiteboards for all our schools. Funding from the Recovery Fund.

But we know that other changes are needed, especially in vocational education, in our universities, as well as in the state. The steps taken are great.

Consider that when we came into things the Civil Protection was a dismantled agency. It was, in fact, housed in a crumbling building. See the irony. If there was an earthquake, the first building to fall would be the Civil Protection building. Today we have an efficient service. "112" works and saves lives.

gov.gr has more than 1,500 services. Do you remember your life before? The queues, the hassles, the time wasted for the simplest transaction with the government.  It's all over now. But we know that the administration still has pockets of anachronism. It showed, unfortunately, in the tragedy in Tempe. Traps that we can overcome, because there is a "good self" in the public sector.

We say too often, the "bad state" and we criticise it and rightly so. But I would like to remind you that "112" is a state, and so is the EMAK, which was the first to rush to Turkey to help its friend country after the devastating earthquakes. The border guards in Evros, who are standing vigil, the police, the ambulance service, are also a state. The state is also the one that organised an impeccable vaccination campaign throughout the country.  It is also the new EFKA, which is now paying out pensions on time. It is also the state that invited more than 120,000 Greek women to have free mammograms. That is the state we want and that is the state we will have if the citizens trust us.

Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Fly the flags of the New Democracy and of our country. Let us send from here, from Crete, the message of the great victory.

Friends and friends, I did not and do not intend in such a beautiful, large gathering to bore you with a full account of the government's work.

I don't want to talk about the many projects, about the construction site that we have turned the country into, about the reforms that we have brought, about the fact that this Parliament, which is being dissolved today, look, has passed 423 laws.

Keep one thing from our meeting today: consistency of words and deeds. The guarantee in our new agreement, which tomorrow will become a reality, and what we are planning will become a reality.

But also hold together the essence of our new government programme. We will have the opportunity to present it in detail on Wednesday. We will talk about a Greece that is productive and social, digital and green - environmentally green, because Greece will be blue and Chania will certainly be blue -, fair and strong.

Keep five big priorities. In 2019 I looked you in the eye and said: I pledge to cut taxes for all and for all. Today I look you in the eye and I say: the next four years will be the four years of better wages for every Greek. We can increase our salaries by 25% in four years and in 2024 it will finally apply to the public sector, because the salaries of public servants have been frozen for many years, the new single pay scale. My purpose is simple. All workers in Greece must finally and quickly approach the European average. And in the same way, the business tax must and will be abolished as tax compliance improves.

Second priority: decent public health. Which means that the State starts with primary care, with a wide range of preventive examinations for all citizens, for all the basic diseases.

Personal Doctor, digital medical record. You now know you can get your tests on your mobile. But more important intervention, complete modernization of 80 hospitals, especially in the emergency departments, I stress. a 156 health centers in our country are being modernized with resources from the Recovery Fund. And 10,000 additional nurses in the National Health System, because that is where we mainly suffer.

A more efficient public service, executives who will be recruited through single competitions of the APSEP. They will work with a digital card, they will be evaluated so that their performance will be rewarded. We want to be able to reward good civil servants and their weaknesses to be cured. Within the next four years 100% of the processes in the civil service will be digital. The gov.gr you have seen is just the beginning.

Fourth priority, because I also see a lot of young people, a lot of young kids here. Thank you. Thank you to our youth, the UNNED, the students of our Polytechnic. A better home for the youth. A big challenge for me, in addition to the projects we are doing to get student housing for the Polytechnic, with public and private sector partnership, hold back the great importance I attach to the "My Home" programme. Do you know what it is for a young person to know now that they can own their own home and take out a loan and pay a lower payment than they would pay if they were renting a house, but in the end they will still have the house? 10,000 young people will benefit from this programme. I have pledged that once it is exhausted, I will double the funds. Because our young people need to know that they can have a home of their own.

Social consideration: modern apartments can be built on public land, with private funds, so that we do not have real estate that is not being used and not being used.

And my last commitment, non-negotiable: a strong Greece. The continuation of our defence planning. 68 arms projects that are being implemented and a consistent policy on migration, accompanied by parallel European initiatives.

Certainly with our country claiming the position it deserves in the international arena. With a voice that is heard loudly everywhere. From the American Congress and Brussels, to every major European capital.

Friends, neo-democrats from Chania and Crete, I always say that I prefer comparison to confrontation with our opponents. But there is an opposition to our own dense work and the clear objectives I have just mentioned.

Let's see what this opposition is. Four years of opposition to Syriza, four years now, no to everything and yes to nothing. Look, no to defence agreements, no to national armaments, no to the Evros fence, no to investment, no to tax cuts. No, also beware - and I have a particular sensitivity about this - no to the rights of disabled citizens.

On the other hand, yes to lying, sometimes by slandering the country internationally, as Mr Tsipras did again yesterday. With the hypocritical slogan, what is the central slogan of SYRIZA? "Justice everywhere". "Justice everywhere", when next to him is the 13-0 convict in the Special Court, Mr. Pappas.

And I will not deal with the divisive "Polakism", which is the other face of Mr.Tsipras. I want to keep the image of my country high. I will not deal with the money trees he has rediscovered. 45 billion he is handing you, which can only lead to two possibilities: either a new tax raid, or bankruptcy and a new memorandum. But this is what Vincent Cornaros has long since replied to: 'He who speaks lies is spoken without a man'.

But I will blame Mr.Tsipras for two choices that were made at a different time but, mind you, they are linked to today. First, for his unthinkable recent decision to become an exception to the democratic arc by refusing the regulation that protects the Parliament from Golden Dawn criminals in disguise.

And secondly, for his insidious method of leaving, after having been elected twice, carefully, with enhanced proportional representation, to leave behind the "trap" of simple proportional representation. These are two moves made with the aim of damaging New Democracy. But both of them ultimately harm democracy itself. One by turning a blind eye to fascism and the second by bringing the danger of ungovernability closer.

Threats that we, the liberal democrats of Crete, are the first to understand. That is why we will not be the first to indulge them. We will not indulge those who attempt to put our country into new adventures.

How do we do this? With our vote on 21 May. Because then we are called upon to answer some simple questions: Do we move forward or do we turn back? Do we want results or a return to lies? Do we want yesterday with taxes and cuts or do we want tomorrow with better pay?

Do we want a government that will win in the rough and tumble or one that will shipwreck in the rough and tumble? Do we want a desperate homeland or an armored homeland? Do we ultimately want a leader with a voice abroad or a voiceless guest with a mind at home? In other words and very simply: Do we want New Democracy with Prime Minister Mitsotakis or do we want Syriza with Prime Minister Tsipras? This is the central question to which citizens will answer on May 21.

But as simple as the above dilemmas are, the need for stability is equally obvious, friends, as well. The difficulties that lie ahead of us will not disappear. And in an uncertain global environment that will become increasingly complex, Greece needs a clear horizon on its path and a clear solution at the top. All the more so when our opponents are unprincipled.

Watch out, I'm absolutely convinced, if their numbers allow it, then you know they'll coalesce even if they're defeated. In fact, they have already started looking for ways to be able to override the popular will. It is the "political monstrosity" scenario that I already warned about last September.

Who is she? I want you to imagine, a government of SYRIZA - PASOK - Varoufakis, the same Varoufakis who now says again that he will close the banks again, with Tsipras as Prime Minister and in exchange for the permanent use of proportional representation. A double objective of their own, but one that constitutes a double disaster for Greece. An eventuality, not very likely, but under certain conditions real. There is only one way to prevent it: A strong New Democracy, a clear victory in the May 21 elections.

But one more thing, the danger of the next day does not only take the form of a "rag-tag" government, but may also take the form of a mismatched partnership, which is the other face of paralysis.

A scheme, to put it differently, whose decisions will be based each time on bargaining or discussions and whose functionality will only be perceived if one makes a simulation in reality.

Just think of such a government on the night of the crisis in Evros. Think of such a government in the face of major economic choices or at the time of a sudden Turkish challenge. Well, these are the problems of proportional representation.

Neighbouring Bulgaria is heading for a sixth election. Be careful, sixth election in two years. We must prevent these developments. And that is why the ballot box on 21 May is so decisive. There can be no frivolity, no 'no-brainer' votes. It will ultimately determine who will govern. And the more thunderous its message, the more easily the second election will empower the winner to govern the country properly.

That is why, in five simple words, the decision is only one: Self-empowered Greece, self-empowered New Democracy.  And it is this prospect of hope that I ask you today to make real with the struggle we are starting. By explaining to every citizen the much that has been done, the much more that needs to be done, without, for God's sake, putting our conquests at risk, but also without discounting our claims.

By listening to the voice of society, by recognising our weaknesses, but also by changing the country, we change with the country. That is how we become better, that is how we become more experienced. By having next to us - and this message is of great value in Crete - every citizen who has no party blinkers. Every citizen who believes in responsible patriotism and creative modernisation. In a great current of progress that calls for stability, continuity and consistency in our country's development trajectory.

It is, my friends, an exciting battle. It is a battle that I begin today from my ancestral land. From you, from your applause, from your smiles I draw strength, I draw confidence for hope and for tomorrow.

Go ahead, Chania, lift from your own waters the great wave of victory that will spread to every corner of our country. And let the cool wind of the White Mountains carry its message to every corner of our homeland.

On May 21, all of Crete will be blue, like the sea and the sky. As blue as Greece will be. A Greece that does not turn back, but moves steadily, boldly and only forward.

Thank you for this overwhelming presence. Hearts and flags up, victory is feminine, like Greece, Crete and Democracy.

That is why it will be ours, a victory for all Greek women and all Greeks.

Be well, thank you. Good race, good strength.
 