Speech by Dimitris Koutsoumbas, General Secretary of the KKE KKE at the Conference of the Attica Party Organisation The Conference of the KKE concludes today, after a rich 4-month internal party discussion in all the KEB and the Sectoral Conferences, with the participation of all Party members, and while another 4-month rich process for the Conference of the KKE, which was completed in February, had preceded it.
	The CMO definitely comes out stronger.
 In the two years since the last Conference for the 21st Congress, we have gone through difficult and to some extent unprecedented situations.
 From a great pandemic, which we have faced with a struggle, leading from the very first moment, with the slogan "under the masks, we have a voice".
	We passed through the fire of the outbreak of an imperialist war in our neighbourhood, which is constantly escalating and which from the very first moment the KKE redirected the movement not to choose the camp of imperialist thieves, but to see with its class glasses the need to organise its own struggle against the war plans of NATO and the government, which involve our country in dangerous developments.
	We have gone through natural disasters, an upsurge in foreclosures of first homes, worsening energy poverty, the price of consumer goods, workplace accidents at workplaces with large-scale mobilisations, such as at COSCO, but also for working class rights, as in e-food and elsewhere, and from large mobilisations of artists, teachers, pupils, students, from large strikes and rallies, culminating in the mobilisations for the predictable crime in Tempe, where 57 of our fellow human beings, most of them young people, perished.
 	In all this we have stepped forward.
 We shouted "only the people save the people".
 During these two years the Panspoudashtiki emerged as the leading force in the Universities, the correlation in many trade unions and Labour Centres in Athens, Piraeus, Lavrion and Piraeus was improved.
 Also in the teachers' associations of Attica, in most public hospitals of Attica and elsewhere.
 	We were able to put it all together: And internal party operation and discussion within all the organs and organizations of the KKE and the KNE and action in the mass workers' - people's movement and ideological - political intervention in the Parliament and among the people, even in a prolonged election period.
 We keep this as a legacy and we continue.
 	It has been rightly pointed out that in the 43 days remaining until the elections, a great pan-alliance will be needed from everyone and up to the last minute.
 This battle is all of ours.
 Executives and members of the Party and the KNE, friends and supporters, we give all our efforts to reach as wide as possible.
	This job needs drawing, paper and pencil from all of us.
 In order to exhaust every possibility, so that no one of those we know, of those we met in the previous period in the struggles, of those who today are worried about their choice at the ballot box, that we do not discuss specifically the need to strengthen the Party.
	The experience of all of us shows that the most effective way is meetings in homes, in cafes, in event venues and other suitable places depending on the subject, the participants, which are conducive to discussion.
 And when they are well organised, each meeting leads to many more, new possibilities are born.
	We take the lead and intervene in the great popular problems that will continue during this period, organizing as a Party thematic events to communicate as widely as possible with new people, but also organizing the struggle within the movement for the development of mass struggles.
	Ensuring that any initiatives are disseminated very widely, with appropriate means of communication.
 Organizing all the workplaces, Education, Health, neighborhoods, squares and parks of Attica, with well-organized tours, meetings, speeches.
	With our tool "Rizospastis" we are constantly aware of how the debate evolves from day to day, we catch and immediately exploit new arguments and examples that make our work more evident, convincing and relevant.
	This effort requires patience and art.
 We communicate every day with people who come into contact with the Party for the first time and it is logical that they have doubts, reservations, concerns and even disagreements.
 They recognise the Party's pioneering action, they agree with our positions on a number of issues, but this does not mean that they know and agree with our programmatic elaborations.
 	This is a people we treat with confidence, it is a people who in the majority of the past period, in one way or another, took part in militant processes and our contact with them does not have the elections on the horizon, but looks much further ahead, sees the next ballot box.
	We are fully aware that concerns and doubts do not go away once and for all, but when a person takes the decision to join the struggle, meets the communists, this is the first and big step.
 With patience, faith and endurance, we give all our strength tirelessly.
 WE'LL MAKE IT TO THE TOP FOR KKKE.
 PANDU.
	Comrades, With the announcement of the elections, the dilemma of stability has intensified once again.
 	But we know very well that for the people, stability is to be able to live on the basis of modern needs and possibilities:- to have salaries, pensions that correspond to these modern needs.
 - To have the right to stable work with rights.
 - Universal and free access to high quality health, education and sport services that are not commodities.
 - Right to rest and recreation, culture and culture.
 - Cheap, safe and modern transport.
 - Living in a peaceful environment in solidarity with the peoples of the region; Utilizing the achievements of science and technology, which are the creation of the world of work, to meet all these modern needs and not turning them into additional fetters and tools to intensify the exploitation of the many under the stranglehold of capitalist ownership and the profits of the few.
 	On the contrary, what "stability", "social cohesion" and all the other things that the other bourgeois parties invoke, the people know from their own experience:- With the constant waves of inexpensiveness plaguing the popular families, such as for example the prices of food and energy-fuel which are constantly rising.
- With the firmly fixed wages and the "steady" implementation of the law of Vroutsis-Ahtsioglou that abolishes collective bargaining agreements and three-year terms, determines wages based on the competitiveness of capital, while any drip-feed increases are wiped out and do not give any real breathing space.
 While the minimum wage in purchasing power is still below its 2011 level.
 It is this law that the salary is determined by the Minister and despite the pre-election fanfare on both sides from the Southwest and Syriza, no one makes a sound that he will abolish it.
	The people know this stability with the steady pace of loans that are constantly reddening and the people's housing being served on the plate of the ravens of the banks and the funds and the rents have become unaffordable with 80% of the salary going to accommodation and food.
 	With the policy of ND, SYRIZA and other parties, not only is the legislative framework in favour of banks, crows and electronic auctions not only not affected, but is more shielded.
 Even state subsidies for the most vulnerable, lead to the people paying, in all ways and from all pockets, to ensure that the banks profit.
 And all this, at a time when the ECB's interest rate hike is creating a new generation of people's red loans.
 This explains the fact that everyone else repeatedly rejects the KKE's proposals for a ban on auctions and for substantial relief for the people, including the cancellation of interest and a large part of the debt to the banks.
	Further, the people know this stability.
 With orders for power cuts increasing progressively.
 Reaching 400 last year.
000, while ¼ of them were implemented, in the context of liberalisation, which is alive and well, in accordance with the EU strategy, regardless of the percentage of the state's share in PPC.
	With the constant tax rate of the people paying 95% of the taxes, with over 56 billion.
 every year, while for large business groups the percentage of their participation in taxation is steadily decreasing (in net profits, depreciation, insurance contributions, etc.
), with "super-taxes" coming from the new year.
	With our country consistently coming first in terms of spending as a percentage of GDP on NATO spending and planning and sticking its feet to the fire especially on the ground of escalating imperialist war.
	This is the constancy of the attempt to impose graveyard silence, "we'll deal with it later" and ultimately never.
 The constant attack on unions and trade unions, the obstacles to their functioning, the majority of strikes being illegal and abusive.
 Overall, the anti-worker legislation has been.
χ.
 the laws of Vroutsis - Achtsioglou for the fixing of wages by Ministerial Decisions, the laws of Katrougalos and the laws of SYRIZA and ND for the restriction of the right to strike, the transformation of the struggle for the protection of people's housing into a specific offence by SYRIZA, which was maintained by ND, and the laws of the Greek government.
ά.
 Comrades, After the elections, the unpopular course that will be followed by the government of any composition is predetermined.
 	The programmes of the other parties have already been written with their agreement and signatures from the Recovery Fund preconditions, the hunt for the so-called investment grade, the framework of the notorious fiscal stability, the six-monthly EU assessments.
 Overall from the commitments they all have to the objectives of the capital, the EU and NATO imperatives.
 	And they're all on the same page.
 Besides, that is why the representative of SYRIZA said in the most resounding way that "in the big issues they have no differences with the Southwest".
 Moreover, a number of bourgeois economic staffs, international rating agencies etc. seem not to be worried about the composition of the next bourgeois coalition government, because it will be such whether it is formed on May 21 or July 2.
 	They already see that neither in the first election nor in the second election will anyone get self-reliance, it will probably just be a repeated double series of blackmailing the popular vote.
 	In any case, the bourgeois staffs, domestic, European and international, are not dramatically worried, since they know that with any government of cooperation, the unpopular program of the next day is already written by themselves.
 	What the rating agencies are looking at is not the possible "colour" or the composition of the government, but the fact that there will be a continuation of the policies and the improvement of Greece's fiscal path.
 This is what an authoritative urban newspaper wrote on Sunday in a report on how the notorious "rating agencies" view the upcoming elections.
	Some people, mainly from SYRIZA, accuse our Party of saying that we are saying these things, when we are not, that SYRIZA and ND are "day and night".
 	But you have heard what some of these "charitable" institutions, who are not exactly communists, are saying: "We expect policies to continue, as the Recovery Fund provides incentives for continued reforms..." said Mr.
 James James head of state ratings at DBRS.
	"In any case, we expect that there will be a broad continuation of policies and reforms and not a regression, whatever the composition of the next government," he added.
 Duke, Moody's chief analyst for Greece.
	Alexis Tsipras' statement is also characteristic: "Whatever the next government is, it will face a return to fiscal balancing conditions" What need, therefore, do we have for other witnesses?
Compañeras and comrades, We have long been pointing out in all tones that there is no case of ungovernability anyway.
 Because there is a common ground on which the next government will be built, as has been done so many times in the past.
	Those who talk during the election campaign about the "danger of instability" and "adventures", whenever they had to, found them.
 The Southwest and PASOK came together and co-governed, when Mr.
 Androulakis was then secretary of PASOK.
 Mr.
 Tsipras got along with Kammenos and the two of them got along with ND, PASOK and Potami in the passing of the 3rd memorandum.
 PASOK and SYRIZA executives have sat on the same ministerial benches as Mr.
 Mitsotakis and together they implemented the suspensions of thousands of teachers.
 So what's stopping them again?
 That's why we say that the dilemma is blackmailing.
 	The stability they seek is stability in the implementation of anti-people's policies, hence the greatest instability for the people.
 Stability for the people means having at its side, as strong as possible, that force that steadily and unwaveringly gives everything for the defence of its right, inside and outside the Parliament.
	Stability for the people means having a much stronger KKE, a support in their struggle against the anti-people's policy that is a given after the elections and paving the way for the total overthrow of the.
 This is the real stakes of the elections.
	"The people save the people with a strong KKE" is confirmed by a series of examples in slave areas where workers, through their struggle, have managed to gain a firmer foothold against the policy that plunges them into instability.
 	Such an example is the shipbuilding zone which managed not only to sign increases, but then, because of price pressure, to extend them again.
 Similarly, in the construction sector and in the.
ο.
κ.
 While in a number of sectors mass struggles are continuing, such as in WOLT and the.
α.
 	The whole of the previous period was marked by the mass, popular and youthful outbreak, which had many qualitative characteristics and strong elements of militancy, collectivity, solidarity, greater confidence - in comparison to the past - in the value of organised struggle.
 It frustrated the initial attempt of the government and other parties to impose silence in the name of mourning for the Tempi or to defuse anger and indignation through silent and painless protests.
	The multifarious and shocking mobilizations and strikes, the slogans, the coordination, the calls of the trade unions, the student associations, the student coordinations, other bodies of the mass popular movement, are an example of the inexhaustible power of organization and common struggle that literally shattered the propaganda of various mechanisms that spoke of some general and abstract "collectives" that were in motion or of some "spontaneous movements" that came out of nowhere.
	Certainly the crime in Tempe was the one that made the glass overflow in this period, since it came to be added to a set of other acute working people's problems, such as the criminal management of the pandemic with thousands of dead, the continuous accidents at work, the victims and consequences of major natural disasters (fires, floods, earthquakes) and many others.
	It has been proven once again that with all the bourgeois governments we have known, the state of the brutal dictatorship of capital treats the needs and protection of the people as a "cost" that must be neglected, because it harms profits and the notorious "strength of the Greek economy".
 It has been shown that even the exploitation of scientific and technological achievements is based on class-based economic and political criteria.
From all this significant rise of the struggles, some crucial conclusions emerge which we must assess, keep, study further and incorporate in the ideological and political organizational and mass enlightening work of the Party and the KNE.
What are these 10 crucial conclusions:First: The KKE and the KNE managed to play a leading role in the struggle and the enlightenment of the people and the youth.
 We immediately assumed the responsibility of guiding, orienting and coordinating broader workers, popular and youth forces that showed a willingness to act, were on the move.
	Second: It has been demonstrated once again the need for preparedness, vigilance, especially the ability to adapt, in extraordinary situations and moments that can appear suddenly and abruptly, often unpredictably and often completely unpredictable.
Third: The importance of the steady intervention of the political vanguard on the ground of the deadlocks and contradictions of the capitalist system itself was confirmed, as practically happened with the warnings, revelations, demands of the Party (questions and interventions of the parliamentary group, the KKE deputies in the Parliament, the announcement of the Desk of Railway Workers, the faction that supports the Party and PAME to the railway workers and others), which exposed the fact that everyone knew, everyone knew and that it was a predetermined crime with the responsibility of all the governments, ND, PASOK, SYRIZA, which moved to the EU strategy of liberalising markets, to the pursuit of capitalist competition and profit, both for the private monopoly enterprises and for the state monopolies, all emblematic positions of the notorious Maastricht Treaty created by the current EU.
Fourth: It was ensured from the very first moment that there was an objective assessment of the situation, pioneering action to express and formulate militant moods, without any tendency to wait, with the direct participation of our cadres, taking and holding the initiative of movements in the movement.
Fifth: The role and the need to elaborate pertinent and penetrating slogans that, especially in such conditions of great mass movement, accumulated anger and indignation, guide and orientate the action of broader forces, but also escalate the struggle and are the ones that have brought us forward to a great extent.
Sixth: We worked and acted with great diversity, elements of initiative were manifested that strengthened the popular and youth action itself, while at the same time the ability to trust and act together with workers, popular and youth forces that do not have the same class, militant experience, nor did they have such a similar orientation until then, was judged.
Seventh: We sought and to a large extent succeeded in guiding the political party intervention and action of the Party and KNE members in unions, associations, coordinating committees, other bodies, combining mobilizations, rallies, rallies, work stoppages, strikes, party events, meetings, conferences, tours, pickets, from the very first day.
Eighth: Our intervention was in a unified direction, but also with the appropriate elaboration of arguments, in order to strengthen the political confrontation with the government of the Southwest, but also to have an open and clear front also with SYRIZA, the other bourgeois parties and opportunism, to reveal what is really and why, where the responsibilities are due, but also what is the need of the perspective that the movement must walk in order to answer the genuine popular question "how to get rid of this situation once and for all".
 We have thus confronted both the provocative attempt by mechanisms of the system to slander the Party, and the attempt to integrate and disorient the mobilisations within the limits of simply rearranging the bourgeois political system and any governmental rotation.
Ninth: Our intervention as a whole has contributed to incriminating the exploitative system that kills, capitalist profit as the obstacle to the satisfaction of the modern needs of the people.
 It was illuminated - perhaps more than ever before - that the profits of capital are the dead of the working class and our people.
 An effort was made to weaken the apotheosis of the market, which often accompanied criticism of the state, by showing that the state is the entrepreneurs' state, that the defence of their profits is state policy.
Tenth: The new possibilities created through the very action and intervention of the Party and the KNE, we have a great responsibility now to develop them further.
 The increased prestige of the Party is increasingly transformed into a conscious mobilisation of broader working people and youth forces on the side of the Party's positions, the choice to go all the way to the end of the conflict until the radical change - overthrow of this system becomes more and more conscious.
 To express a greater and more conscious willingness to join the Party in the class social struggles, in the thickening of its organizations, as well as of the KNE with young pioneering fighters who can carry the honoured title of their membership.
 To express itself in the May 21 elections by voting for the KKE.
Comrades, The other political parties accuse each other of a toxic climate, while every day the scandal is rising.
	One of them brings out the other's dirty laundry, since we are talking about parties of the same cut, and what unites them is more than what divides them.
 And this shows the unreliability of everything they say to the workers.
 We cannot but note that in a recent poll, the KKE is the 1st party in credibility with 39%.
 	As much as we have reservations about various polls, however, we see and know first hand, from our Organizations, what we find throughout Attica, what our workers tell us.
	The workers, the youth know that the KKE has never lied to them.
 They know that he will not betray or change the vote and the support they will entrust to him.
 This appreciation for our action, positions and attitude must and can become an act of strengthening the KKE everywhere.
	We have repeatedly made it clear that we will not betray this vote of support by giving tolerance or even more so support to any unpopular government, no matter how much it appears in the mask of "progressiveness".
 	We know that the pressure, the propaganda, as we go towards the day of the elections will be intensified by the parrots of the system and underground, by spreading rumours, by attacking the Party with all kinds of attacks.
	Here we should remember that the last time SYRIZA addressed the KKE with reference to a "post-election" Monday was during the July 2015 referendum when Tsipras and his other allies mocked the Greek people for sincerely asking them to vote NO.
 	And the KKE was exposing this maltreatment by Tsipras.
 Then in Parliament Mr.
 Tsipras had even told us that on Sunday "we will vote the same ballot paper".
 In order to get the paid answer that the OXI said by the KKE does not have the same content as its own OXI, the deception of the Greek people.
 In fact, we replied to him at the time: "You, Mr.
 Tsipras, we don't know where you will be next Monday".
	And so it became.
 This turned out, in the end, only a few hours after the referendum - that is, on that infamous "Monday" - when SYRIZA turned the NO of the people into a huge YES with ND, PASOK, and other willing parties, signing the 3rd worst memorandum, thus solemnly confirming everything that KKE said and warned.
 This is for the old to remember and the young to learn.
 	Of course, all the scenarios that have been floated have been replayed, but it's now 2023.
	SYRIZA is in no way legitimate to ask for our tolerance, "in order for Mitsotakis to leave, as he says".
 Why:- It is SYRIZA that sowed the disillusionment in 2015-2019, sent people who participated in the struggles and the movement home, who stained values and ideals in the name of the "first time Left" and finally it was the one that willingly managed the affairs of capital and led to the vindication of the policy of ND-PASOK and the conservatization of parts of the people.
- It was SYRIZA that was the best support of the Mitsotakis government, with the "we will settle accounts later", the proposals for "ministers of common acceptance" (which are now being reheated with statements by various members of the government), which voted for more than 50% of the amendments, especially the most emblematic ones.
- It was SYRIZA that laundered the liberal ND, accusing Mitsotakis of "leading it astray from its principles and values" - It is SYRIZA that is reclaiming the unpopular baton from ND, to take it even further, because any next government will be worse.
 Because it only makes the system of exploitation, the profit of the few and the hostile state of the people worse.
Comrades, It seems that SYRIZA today is under pressure from the fact that a significant part of the public now clearly associates it with the New Democracy.
 Not coincidentally, the "AFGi" in the response from the visit of A.
 Tsipras' speech in Elefsina was titled "We are not all the same".
	They are trying to get away from what their own people are saying by claiming that the KKE supposedly does not care who the next government will be and that it says only strong KKE.
 	But they know very well, because we have answered this repeatedly, that we obviously care who the next government will be, precisely because we aspire to be, as always, at the forefront of the people's struggles against the unpopular policies that it will implement.
	But what we are clearly saying is that this should not be the criterion by which the people will go to vote, because whatever the government's shape is, the agenda is predetermined.
 - They are the unpopular preconditions of the Recovery Fund.
 - It is the EU's guidelines for the "liberalisation" of energy, railways, water, other critical sectors of the economy.
- It is the dangerous NATO plans.
 - It is the attack on people's homes to prop up the banks, at a time when a new capitalist crisis is brewing.
 And much more.
	In fact, this is not something that only we say today.
 It is an existing current in society, the result of accumulated experience, which is recorded, in mass terms, even in many polls with the well-known "neither of the two".
 	The aim is for this current to acquire radical characteristics and to come to an alliance with the KKE.
 Not to give in to the logic of the "lesser of two evils", which has proven to always lead to the greater.
 The example of France, which these days is being shaken by huge popular mobilisations that are giving us all courage, teaches us exactly that.
 The other parties are the same ones who called on the French people to vote for Macron, so that Le Pen would not come.
 And finally, Macron uses brutal repression in the struggles, as Le Pen would have done.
	And when they run out of other ideologies, they pretend to be the protectors of the LGBTQ+ community, sometimes distorting the positions of the KKE, sometimes presenting arguments that smell of "mothballs", as Rizospastis pointed out in a commentary.
 Some people recalled the KKE's rejection of the civil partnership agreement to rehash the "discrimination" against same-sex couples.
 They even accuse the KKE of "conservatism", while their hypocrisy has no limit.
 Because the reality is that the KKE supports any proposal that ensures equal, free cohabitation and not one form of marriage or another as an "economic relationship".
 	Those who are really interested in finding a way out of such issues would adopt the proposals of the KKE, so that a number of issues of cohabitation, such as inheritance, information on medical issues, etc.
ά.
, by simple notarial acts.
 They would adopt our proposals for housing benefit, for real facilities for every young person who decides to live in their own home, whether they are married, cohabiting or not.
	But also on the issue of children, the KKE argues that there can be a legal safeguarding of parents' obligations, in combination of course with the need for expanded, free and upgraded state social services for their protection, and therefore for the social support of motherhood/paternity.
 	Within such a framework, every person will be free to choose a partner, free of any economic and social constraints, regardless of sexual orientation.
 This is what is truly progressive and radical today.
 That's why their criticism of the KKE probably smells more like mothballs.
Comrades, Let us not underestimate the following: Because they find it difficult to have a public debate, the forces of SYRIZA are sneakily and underground sowing the following inimitable: "The KKE - they say - as it seems, will be strengthened in the elections anyway, so cast your vote for SYRIZA to come out on top, in case Mitsotakis leaves.".
 But we won't allow them to have their way.
 		Those workers who are well-meaning and want the strengthening of the KKE should see to it that this strengthening is carried out, in particular through their vote and their rallying.
 We say one thing to everyone: No vote is wasted on the parties of capital that are responsible for the suffocating situation of the people.
 Every vote for the KKE is a gain for the next day.
 Comrades, I wasn't going to say anything in the speech, but I would like to say a word about Varoufakis and Mera25, since he asked us to criticise his positions.
 This is exactly what we do.
 Because with its very positions it falsifies any notion of radicalism.
 This is exactly what it does when, through various neologisms and especially by making debt the main or only cause of crises and people's problems, it seeks to oil the capitalist mode of production itself, a symptom of which is the high state and private debts.
 However, the full frontal attack of capitalism is unified and is manifested in the indebted countries, such as Greece, and in the countries with lower debts, such as Germany, or others, where people are mobilizing en masse everywhere.
 This is exactly what it does when it cultivates illusions about a supposedly democratic and pro-people "transformation of the EU".
 By 2025 they have set a target to achieve this, hence the 25 in their party name.
 They even tabled a whole law proposal for the pro-popular use of the Recovery Fund, this new EU Supermemorandum, at a time when the people have to take to the streets to fight it, because the preconditions it has are very hard for our people.
 Not to mention how unpopular some of these proposals of MPA25 are.
 Take, for example, their plan for red loans, which is the most bank-centric proposal of all those that exist.
 Since it requires us to pay both as borrowers and as taxpayers to bail out the bankers.
They are very anxious to take the oil out of capitalism and the EU, which is why they say that socialism is about a "distant future", which is also the familiar pattern of all those who are hostile to socialism.
 This is what we hear from SYRIZA and PASOK and others, supposedly progressives, whom Mr Varoufakis begged for 1.5 years, as he said, to sit down and talk about forming a government and they ignored him.
But, we are sure, all those who invest in adventurism, in the half-truth that eventually becomes a big lie, will get their answer from the people and the youth.
Comrades, Lately, several media, both friendly to the New Democracy and to SYRIZA, have been saying and repeating about the possibility of strengthening far-right, fascist groups, to the point that one wonders whether it is a warning or a pursuit of.
	They even have the audacity to classify them as anti-systemic forces, when it has been proven both historically and in the very recent past that they are the best watchdogs of the system, who do not hesitate to commit the most heinous crimes in order to serve it.
	There is greater proof of the links of these groups with parts of the state apparatus than the attempt of the convicted Nazi Kasidiaris to put a former deputy prosecutor of the Supreme Court in front of him in order for his party to win the elections, according to the relevant reports.
 	So that's not what scares them, nor could it be, since they themselves are promoting it.
 	What they really fear is the prospect, the now tangible possibility, that the anger and indignation of the people and the youth will be transformed, in mass terms, into a conscious attitude of questioning their policies and choices.
 To make rage a force of subversion.
 To express itself in the elections with hundreds of thousands of young anti-systemic, militant votes in the KKE.
Comrades, Your Conference today confirms that the KKE assumes a great responsibility to lead the working-people's majority, to contribute as a vanguard to the overthrow of the present correlation between the two.
 		The KKE assumes the great responsibility not only to be in front of the struggles to repel new anti-people's measures, to wrest conquests, to hear the truth against the mud and the mire of the dominant propaganda.
 But above all to make people realise the great power they have to determine developments in their favour.
		To become more and more massively convinced that the bourgeois parties' "let's go wherever they go" only leads to worse and worse situations.
 That the people, the young people are for much more, they deserve everything.
 They can build a world in which all the tragedies we are experiencing today will only become a past of this system that sees everything in terms of how to make more profit.
		The KKE is ready from today to contribute, to take part in a genuine workers' power, in a power of the people that will be in charge.
 It has a Programme that puts only the human being and his needs at the centre, that gets rid of the drones who live off the work of the many.
		With the people and KKE as the protagonist, we can take breaths of relief, to prevent - delay - reverse old and new anti-people's measures, to have new conquests, to open the way for radical changes and reversals through the conflict with the system of the present ruling class and its state, with the people at the helm of power.
		This is the road we are trying to open through all the battles we are fighting today and tomorrow.
		Good luck in the continuation of your work.
 Good strength and health to all and all.
