Good evening, friends, compañeras and compañeros And from this historic site of the Polytechnic, a timeless symbol of the struggle of the new generation for the conquest of knowledge, for the freedom of struggle, for a life that corresponds to its dreams and desires.
 We call on every student, every young and new student to join us.
 On 21 May.
 Do what they don't expect.
 Make those who blacken your future bathe in cold sweat seeing Mr JU standing very high.
 Give strength to your own voice, to your own power that you will find next to you tomorrow.
 Support in every small and big fight and not against you.
 Because whatever power he returns always returns to our people, to the youth, to their struggles.
 This is proven by its entire history, from its foundation in 1918 to the heroic uprising of the Polytechnic in 1973, which this year marks its 50th anniversary, and to the shocking mobilisations of the new generation today, the two major strikes that broke out after this predestined crime in Tempe, a crime on the altar of profit that cost the lives of 57 of our fellow human beings, among them, unfortunately, many students.
 But this struggle has already achieved a lot.
 It succeeded in not covering up the crime behind the well-known theory of individual responsibility, which we have had enough of, and in the pandemic not to hide the responsibilities behind the repulsive quarrel of the parties that rule and governed the new democracy, SYRIZA, PASOK.
Was it or was it not buffoonery as stationmaster completed or not and at what rate, or one or another contract for the TV station.
 And all this to say Why none of them delivered a modern and safe railway.
 But the struggle has cancelled the propaganda about the pathologies of the deep state, showing that this deep rotten bourgeois state, hostile to our people and our youth, is all theirs and they can pretend they don't know it whenever it suits them.
 This state is too capable with its repressive forces to beat up young people who demonstrate, to auction houses electronically, to make strikes illegal in no time, to pass 10, 10 unpopular laws, to distribute with the sack of the Recovery Fund subsidy to the various business groups.
 But it proves state incapable, even for what seems the simplest thing in the twenty-first century, of ensuring that a train will start from Athens and arrive safely in Thessaloniki just for this.
 And this incompetence in relation to the real needs of the people and the youth is not dealt with today by some re-nationalisation of TRAINOSSE or PPC for electricity and other enterprises that are still being put forward, unfortunately still naively by certain political forces, because quite simply all this stems from the very class character of the bourgeois state.
Some may appear to be still sucking their thumbs, but the only state that can defend and truly safeguard the needs of the people is the state of working people's power.
Yes, this struggle has already achieved a great deal; the main thing is that it has highlighted the real causes, the real culprits, that is, the same policy.
 The liberalization of markets, the dismemberment of markets, services and the privatization of the profitable part, which all the other parties that have been in government over the years have all served, this struggle has highlighted the destructive criterion of cost-benefit for the people, on the basis of which either the state or the private investor today.
 Shaw cuts prevention and protection measures not only in the railways, but in every area of our lives.
 But it also showed the very power of the struggle when it is organized.
 When students, pupils, workers discuss, they all decide together collectively on the forms of struggle, on their demands, on their slogans.
 Within the Student Council within the student council within the student association within the trade union, when each and every one of them makes the struggle really their own affair and is not just a visitor to an anonymous, generally and abstractly online call, in which ultimately anyone who wants, anyone who likes can stick whatever label they want and finally cap it.
 Both the content of the requests.
 As much as it was the element of organization that made it very difficult to impossible to find a place to pour their poison.
  The various far-right fascist groups, as we have seen happen on other occasions in the past.
 And yet this has not prevented several media outlets, both friendly to the new democracy and other friendly to SYRIZA, from saying and repeating about the possibility of strengthening these forces, to the point that one wonders whether this is simply a warning or a pursuit.
They even have the nerve.
 To classify these fascist forces as anti-systemic forces, when it has been proven both historically and in the very recent past that they are the best watchdogs of the system who do not hesitate to commit the most heinous crimes in order to serve this system.
 There is greater evidence of the links between these groups and parts of the state apparatus than the attempt by the convicted Nazi criminal, the criminal cassidian, to put a former deputy prosecutor in front of him.
 The Supreme Court in order for his party to win the elections.
 So, as they are reporting these days, the reports are not what they are afraid of, nor could they be, since they themselves are promoting what they are really afraid of.
It is the prospect, it is the tangible content, it is the possibility that the anger and indignation of the youth will be transformed in massive terms into a conscious attitude of questioning the policy and these choices, that the anger will become a force for reversal, that it will be expressed in the elections with hundreds of thousands of young anti-systemic militant votes for Mr.
 Friends, compañeras and comrades.
 At the moment, as you know, mobilisations are taking place not only in Greece, but also in the major countries of the European Union.
 From one end to the other, the myth of the pro-popular European Union of European normality, the so-called welfare state and the rule of law, to which Mr Tsipras wants, he says, to bring us back, even claiming the glory of the slogan.
 We are staying in Europe as the defenders of the new in the phoney shouted.
 The referendum of no that was held by Mr.Tsipras and his cohorts the other day ended up being this huge NO a yes in 2015 with the logic that there is supposedly a lesser evil being shattered once again.
 In France, workers strike and demonstrate in their millions against the anti-insurance reform of the Macron government.
 We recall that Macron's election was hailed a year ago by the New Democracy as SYRIZA, PASOK as a victory for democracy, while in the past he was supported by Varoufakis, who even wrote passionately about him in the British Guardian.
 And how it treats youth and workers.
 The longtime dove of democracy, as they called him here in Athens, but Germany is also shaken by the biggest demonstrations and strikes of the last decades, demanding the signing of collective agreements with substantial increases above inflation.
 Against which government are these strikes directed?
 Against the so-called progressive government of CP5 and the Greens, something like what SYRIZA wants to do here with PASOK and other democratic forces.
 In Finland we have seen a repetition of the much-praised work of the left-wing government, with its policy, which, among other things, put this country in NATO.
 Only the day before yesterday this became the main factor in strengthening the right, which came first in Sunday's elections, and the far right, which came second everywhere.
 It turns out that the implementation of right-wing anti-people's policies in the name of progress and the left is ultimately the best sponsor of both the frustration of the.
 So it doesn't change anything as much as the far right itself.
 But it is also a revelation of the forces that identify themselves as progressive in order to hide their strategic convergence.
 In the big, important ones with the so-called conservative political forces, moreover.
 This common policy also appears on the university campuses.
 You know it well and you all live it every day.
 Isn't it the policy of the European Union that, under the pretext of competitiveness and the autonomy of universities, has reduced by 70% their state funding?
 At the same time of course that the fund is a minus for your studies.
 Hundreds of millions from the Recovery Fund are directed to the excellence of various entrepreneurs which is just a nice word for the ruthless competition and the survival of a few who endured and a select few who were able to.
 Do you know how free the studies are at the university that operates on private financial criteria, as a business that treats students as customers with high student rents in the absence of student accommodation?
 And let us not comment in detail on the miserable living conditions.
 Result of the commercialisation of housing with tuition fees generalised to postgraduate degrees.
 By paying for a pile of materials and other necessities for studies.
 Is it not this policy that has downgraded the value of degrees that has turned the acquisition of scientific knowledge into a pile of various supposed qualifications and skills, breaking down the coherence and constitution of curricula, reinforcing the categorisation of departments and degrees.
 Thus we are led to a degree for the frame that does not ensure the possibility of practicing the corresponding profession, where graduates have to certify their knowledge every now and then and even in institutions that are not even educational.
 The result of the above is the directions for the detachment of teaching competence from the degrees, but also the non-registration of the degrees of dozens of university departments.
 Abused something that recently put hundreds of agricultural and engineering students on the streets.
 But really, isn't this the same policy that calls linking to the labour market, submitting to the needs of entrepreneurs.
 Examples too many.
 Copticism in curricula, the placement of various actors who have nothing to do with science in a managerial role in the new management boards, the constant changes in the academic charter.
 The quicksand of this capitalist market.
 And yet the situation for graduates is getting worse and worse.
 This university of Bizna and businessmen does not fit the needs, the demands of the students.
 That is why in its territory the repression is also getting stronger with the unsuccessful attempt to bring the university police into the schools by setting up disciplinary proceedings against militants.
 As recently with your colleague, a member of the Communist Party of Greece elected with the Panspoudasistiki in Patras.
 This is the policy that has been consistently applied by all those who have ruled and are ruling the country.
 Why.
 And for the situation in higher education PASOK SYRIZA New Democracy have timeless responsibilities.
 What finally gives continuity to their reactionary educational work is not simply the succession of laws, but their common objectives.
 Serving the same policy for a university cheap for the state.
 But expensive for students and of course profitable for big capital.
 A university where young people pay dearly for their studies, but sell their skills cheaply on the labour market of slashed wages and rights, which is why the state was ultimately continued in the process of shaping state funding.
 It is the chronological course of this policy that shaped the ground both under SYRIZA before and under the new democracy.
 Now for the hit on degrees.
   From the effort to remove teaching qualifications to the equation of college degrees with those of the public university, New Democracy and SYRIZA, with their legislative regulations, were simply complementing each other.
 At the same time, students at Pada are unhinged in terms of their professional rights for 5 years since the establishment of the university respectively and with the generalization of tuition fees from the first foreign-language undergraduate degree with tuition fees under SYRIZA to the concept of self-financing of postgraduate degrees under the new democracy.
 Finally, it abolishes any notion of free education in them.
 Dear friends, compañeras and compañeros.
 The positions of New Democracy and SYRIZA on issues that really burn the youth.
 The way they treat her desire to create, to change what is stifling her and to fight for the life she truly deserves, is the most conservative and regressive thing there is today.
 The new democracy says it represents the silent majority.
 That does not indulge in sterile protests, but only wants to create and innovate.
Unfortunately for them, the majority of the younger generation did not remain silent in the face of this crime of the tepees, but with their tears and their simultaneously raised fists and slogans they created the most moving, the most hopeful images of the last decade.
 As for how they express the youth they are creating.
 Extremely revealing a news of the previous period in a university of Northern Greece in the heartburn of the youth of New Democracy, to prove that they innovate and offer realistic solutions to the problems of students presented an application created by the students of the university as their own such excellence.
 The government wants to be judged for all its government work.
 In fact, we tell them.
 So what work has he done on the issues that really matter to the young generation?
 Do the many well-paid jobs that growth brings that the data say but the data speak for themselves today one in 4 university degree holders is unemployed.
 One in 3 graduates work in a job unrelated to the subject they studied.
 One in 6 graduates earns between €400 and €800 at most.
 400.
000 estimated to have gone abroad despite the big talk would make all of Greece a vast Technology Map.
 We were told.
 The only thing they haven't said is that the workers with these businesses are sitting on adult playgrounds and enjoying the results of their work.
 They are really out of touch with reality, out of touch with the lives of all these people who work exhausting hours, who are not guaranteed any modern labour rights, who are often even forced to resign.
 Why they feel burned by the employers' stifling timelines for project delivery.
 Last Saturday, the Prime Minister addressed the youth through the tick tock to say that raising the minimum wage is not an April Fool's joke.
 And what is true.
 In 2011 the minimum wage was 751 €.
 12 years have passed since then.
 We have lived through a great economic capitalist crisis, we have certainly lived through capitalist growth and on April 2023 an increase came into effect that brings the minimum wage to 29 € higher than in 2011 at the same time that the accuracy has shot up, not the increase, the decrease is in terms of purchasing power.
 Today such mockery.
But where they've really taken it up a notch is in trying to convince us that they're going to meet the need of young people for cheap, quality housing.
 The notorious My House programme, for which applications have started, will involve at best 10.
000 people, all and sundry.
 Young people paid up to 850 €.
 But even this minimum is pushed at the same time into the clutches of the banks, with loans that they will have to repay for the rest of their lives, given from the money of the governors from the workers' own money that for years the OAED withheld from their wages, without implementing any construction program.
 New homes give 500 million to bankers to grant a part of the loan interest-free.
 But really, what will all these people be asked to pay for the remaining part of the loan, which will be paid off in a few months?
 Those who have a mortgage loan from the increase in interest rates are now required to pay up to 3 additional instalments per year.
 With these supposedly realistic measures they boast that they will deal with rents that have reached God, with the result that so many people are still living with their parents.
 We will not bother to contrast the costed counter-proposals of SYRIZA on the above issues, which are also cut and dried to the notorious limits of the strength of their economy.
 Not because we don't have.
 Stitches for his fur, not because we don't remember that as a government and then as an opposition he has put his signature on the table and supported the slaughter of labour rights and the achievements of workers and youth.
 We believe.
 How the most revealing about mold and preservation with the necessary wrapping.
 Of course, what this particular ilustration stands for is exactly the way it treats the youth and its own dreams, that is to say that as the President informed us in the well-known, you know, bad taste video, in order for the law to be put into practice, it is enough for someone to vote for them.
 He says it's not easy.
 That is, the youth sitting on the sidelines observing the developments and just going once every 4 years and choosing a supposedly less bad manager of this rot.
 Overall, they treat young people as spectators, unable to understand what is happening, what needs to be done, much less to intervene in the developments themselves.
 Young people, students know very well that what allowed us to smile, even in the last few years, that we conquered what breaths we managed to take, was exactly when the new generation came dynamically to the fore with the members of the KKE and the KNE in front.
 Who faced the authoritarianism, the cynicism of the new democracy.
 Those who called on the youth not to respond to the tension with tension or called on them to simply turn off the lights in protest, a few days after the crime in Tempe.
 The ban was broken the truth was not buried.
The university police did not enter the universities with the mobilisation and demands of thousands of people.
 Who managed to keep on paper A series of anti-labour laws of the new democracy.
 The ones who voted for half the counties and said strikes don't work.
 Collective agreements with important gains for workers were signed where the communists stepped forward and the workers clashed with the big private groups.
 Where their struggle put into practice not the fair development that SYRIZA advocates, but the fact that in order to gain the slightest relief for the workers, they had to.
  Must lose capital.
 When did we finally feel that something can change in the face of this deep rot of the system, when the new democracy and SYRIZA are fighting over the villas they each have when they are bending over human suffering.
 On whose watch the deaths were more or when the youth trusted their power.
 And he came forward to the forefront.
 In this mud wrestling match.
 They have valuable supporters.
 Of course, those your government has ruled and those who also profess to be willing to be ruled again by the so-called small parties or political puppets who have historically been shown to be of great ultimate service to this wretched system.
 What to say about PASOK.
 His greatest contribution to the youth is that his attitude confirms that the new democracy and SYRIZA, despite their differences, have a common programme for the next day.
 New Democracy wants to be in coalition with PASOK.
 SYRIZA also wants to be in coalition with PASOK.
 PASOK declares that it can co-govern with both of them and no one can finally answer us.
 Why they cannot co-govern and new democracy with SYRIZA.
 But what can one say about the various other counterfeiters.
 Counterfeiters of any notion of radicalism, such as for example the Day 25.
 And because our people aptly say, show me your friends so I can tell you who you are.
Really, this progressive sympathy with the President of Mexico, Mr Varoufakis' Obrador.
 How exactly it goes.
 You see in the International Front of Realist Throwing there in the middle of the day 25 fits the bourgeois government of Mexico, the government that is painted with the blood on its hands painted with the blood of Mexican and migrant workers.
 A few days have passed.
 Since at least 39 migrants in that country were burned alive because the police left them locked in their cells when a fire broke out in the detention centre where they were being held.
 Stock E and the KNE are separated by an abyss of parties that are willing to form the next predictably unpopular government.
 For us, life is the great, the beautiful, the thrilling and we put this into practice every day with our positions, our proposals, our action, comrades and comrades.
 Friends and friends.
 In recent times.
 They have sprung up.
 Many unlikely types who pretend to be experts in interpreting what the new generation is feeling and how it thinks to express itself and who are quick to put words in its mouth or speak in its name.
They only confess their anxiety in the elections of the twenty-first of May.
 The new generation has the opportunity.
 And the choice to express what they feel without intermediaries, in a way that cannot be challenged or misinterpreted.
 Surely this way is not to support any of the parties that have governed and brought us to this point with their pro-few policies, and this is reflected in the answer.
 Neither of the 2 that young people give en masse when asked if they think Mitsotakis or Tsipras is the best person to solve their problems.
 Surely this way is not abstinence either.
 Of course, not only is the system not afraid of this, but it is even more so for that part of the youth that cannot be convinced at this stage, it prefers to keep these young people aside, both on election day and of course every day.
 Let us not forget, let us not forget that the new democracy.
 It has been governing well for 4 years with a strong majority in Parliament.
 Although the turnout in the last election was over 42%.
 If they were afraid of abstention, they would not be indifferent to the calls we have made to them again and again to give a solution so that they can go to vote from the place where they work, the thousands of young people who are already working.
 Why the season has opened as seasonal workers in tourism sweatshops.
 As can very well be done legally, legislatively and of course it is already done for example with members of the security forces who vote at their place of work.
 The ballot paper of the Communist Party of Greece gives the opportunity.
 To express at the ballot box what the young generation really feels.
 The anger, the indignation, the uncertainty about tomorrow, the desire not to forget the crimes of the system, the desire to finally change something, the hope for a better life, to blossom in a better country.
 That is why on May 21 with the heart and mind of Mr.
 Hey, much louder.
 So that the parties that will make up the next anti-people's government are as weak as possible, so that such a government will tremble when it tries to pass an anti-people's bill and so that the people themselves, the youth themselves, are as strong as possible, but also so that a different path, a different perspective, is finally opened.
 For the benefit of the many.
 Such a perspective is only given by the KKE's power proposal.
 We say it clearly, we are ready when the working class, the people, the youth, decide and choose to take our responsibility in a working people's government where the protagonists will be the workers themselves.
 The youth itself and not the political staff of the social parasites of the capitalists in such a power of the workers, the people will not be spectators, just with one vote every 4 years democracy will not stop outside the gates of the factories or the entrances of the department stores and the various companies, every production unit, every university.
 Every neighbourhood will be a beehive not only of creativity but also of democracy.
 Discussions of militant voluntary initiative in such a governance, power in which the cc will participate.
 And the elected representatives of the people will be truly accountable to those who elected them, there will be the possibility of control.
 And the withdrawal of any critical bill.
 Every crucial decision will be discussed down to the bottom within all the people, in the workplaces, in the schools, in the workers' popular assemblies.
 In this working people's power, therefore, the broadest, the deepest concept of the freedom of democracy will be gradually abolished.
 All discrimination, all coercion and above all the exploitation of man by man.
 .
 Either our lives or their profits.
 This slogan encapsulates the dilemma facing the youth and the answer must be given every day in the struggle, but also in all the ballot boxes that will be set up in the coming period.
 You students will have an additional important opportunity to do so in the student elections on 10 May.
 You have the opportunity to make the pan-school a top power again.
 This ballot box, which will be set up a few days before the parliamentary elections, will be the first big poll of the youth and they are afraid of you for that.
 The government has set up a diversionary game to avoid the debate.
 Euro from the real problems of students.
 That is why they have let the GDR loose to call on students to bow their heads and because it doesn't work, they are lying against the pan-student movement, which is today the real rival of their politics in the universities.
 In the student elections tens of thousands of students can send a loud message that they cannot ignore, to condemn and punish the government policy, the one that all governments have implemented so far, to turn their backs and, despite their factions in the schools, to strengthen their promising militant action.
 Only in this way will a clear warning message be sent to any next government.
 After all, if this year has shown anything with the preeminence of the Panspudistas, it is the power of the collective organized struggle through the student associations with your struggles not to cover up the crime in the temple that shook the country with your determination.
 You left laws on paper, in the drawers of the ministries, with your power you conquered to exist.
 Increases in food entitlements to improve the living conditions in student halls of residence, to improve the daily life of your studies It has been proven that student unions can become a support for students and not for governments.
 They can express their concerns, their worries, to strengthen the solidarity within them, to become a place where they can.
 The action for the assertion of all the rights of students, a place to seek knowledge but also entertainment, culture, sport.
 It turned out that realism is taking the situation into your own hands and not expecting some solutions from those who create the problem.
 All these great moments.
 But also the moments of daily effort in the courses and in the struggle have your signature, the signature of the members of the friends of the KNE, other student fighters.
 The first victory of the student movement in two thousand and 22 with the demolition of the GDR after 36 years gave new life to the student movement.
 The step is taken, just keep moving forward.
 Can the student movement be strengthened to generalise the first efforts for the living function.
 The diverse action of the associations, the coordination with the labour movement and the trade unions to pave the way for the reconstitution of the national student union of Greece, the nationwide expression of the student movement.
 Will.
 To exclude any attempt, any attempt to slander, control and suppress the associations, such as.
 I had also mentioned the motto Zas, alone and all of us.
 On May 10 first power US Student.
 On the twenty-first of May all together with heart and mind for Mr. Epsilon.
 We can do it much stronger in the few weeks that remain, we give all our strength, we use every hour, every minute in class, during the break, during reading, during the afternoon walk, so that our call reaches everywhere.
 To every student, to every young man and woman, to every child of the people's families.
 Good strength, good health, good health, good luck in the race.
