To begin with, this tragic event in the mosques and what followed.
 The huge, unprecedented for the last few years, mobilisations that continue throughout the country, the hundreds of thousands of strikers of last Wednesday.
 The outbreak and the stubbornness of the youth of students all over Greece, but also here in the prefecture of Fthiotida fill us with hope and optimism.
 All those who strike are demonstrating all those who participate in the initiatives, in schools, colleges, universities, workplaces.
 They really become the voice of the dead of the tragedy of Tempi.
 These struggles are the only guarantee that the crime will not be forgotten, that the real people responsible will be identified, that something will finally change and that there will be no more children lost so unjustly in the twenty-first century in 2023.
 As far as we are concerned, we will do everything to make the anger, the indignation become an unyielding fight against the real culprits.
 Because it's not the bad time, nor the bad country, it's the capitalist profit and those who ruled this country.
We know, of course, that many people are concerned about these mobilisations, because they say that the responsibilities are thus spread throughout the political system and there is a risk of strengthening the anti-systemic attitude and vote.
 What they fear is exactly what must be done, what the people must do, because indeed all those who have ruled so far are responsible and indeed the basic responsibility lies with this rotten system of exploitation that they all serve, because it is a system that puts human life on the scales of the cost-benefit ratio.
 Now the rage.
 There is a struggle and it must continue, but a struggle that will take them and lift them and their governments and their state.
 All in all, this rotten and corrupt system of theirs must be settled in the thought and action of each and every one of them.
  So let the government of the New Democracy, Mr Mitsotakis, not hope that he will avoid condemnation because he postpones a few days to the elections and breaks it in May.
 The Greek people, the Greek Youth, do not have such a short memory, which is exactly why let's not hope that the rest of the people, the others, SYRIZA, PASOK, will get away with it, all of them clean.
 They are guilty and insured.
 Now some of the ignorant, because all of them, under the banner of what they call the politics of liberation, have led step by step to this predestined crime that we have reached today.
 So let's not dream that they will get away with it and that the elections will somehow act as a valve to decompress popular anger, popular discontent.
 That has been building up over the last few years and is now being sparked by this crime in fees for Mr. Mr.
 ε.
 On the contrary, the elections will be an opportunity for this discontent to acquire even more militant, more genuinely radical characteristics, the strengthening of Mr.
 E will be the guarantee for this.
 Friends and friends we are back here in Lokrida in Kefalochori of Malesina area.
 And the region of LARCO and we and you and all of Greece are really angry about those who have ruled all these years.
 We are angry against a policy that all these people have consciously implemented, in the direction of the European Union, of course, namely the policy of privatisation, of competition, of the rise, as they say, of their own growth indicators.
With their politics, they all led us to the end of the line children who never reached their destination parents who will never see their offspring again.
 Young people hungry to chase their dreams and parents who toil daily to help them on this journey.
 Justifiably with this situation they were terrified.
 Today, therefore, we must demand that the knife be taken to the bone, that responsibility be held, that we do not allow this crime to be covered up en masse, that we fight, that we ensure that the.
 Children all over the world to always reach their destination, to realize their dreams, to demand work, wages, rights that we can cover our needs with dignity, security at work, in the daily life of our families.
This can be done today in 2023 and it will be done.
 We will see to it with our unyielding action.
 With our struggle we know that we have.
 We are here tonight in a region that has paid with deaths for the policy that all of them have implemented so far.
 Governments know that we are in a region that has heard things over the years to pass this unpopular policy without reaction.
 Think about what they said.
 For so many years now, the governors and their various parrots in order to proceed with the policy of liberalisation and privatisation of the railways, that the railways are loss-making, that the workers are state-owned, that it must be privatised because the Greek taxpayer pays, that with privatisation there will be investments and we will have safe trains with cheap tickets, that growth will come and jobs will be created.
 Does this remind you of anything.
 Because they said much the same as we all know about LARCO that LARCO is a loss-making barrel without a bottom, that the workers are spoiled and well paid, they sit and get paid, they live in the settlements and have refrigerator conqueror coolers, that LARCO should be privatized to relieve the Greek taxpayer, that investors will modernize the obsolete facilities.
 To operate it safely at work and with respect for the environment and that growth will come with many jobs.
 What do they say now that with their policy we have reached the point of counting innocent victims young children in the mosques that now the Stationmaster is to blame?
 It is a human error that there will be accountability, We will stand by the families of the victims that we will make radical changes so that there are no more will be modernized.
 Do these also remind you of something.
 Surely because they say the same thing for years now about the crimes at LARCO in la Gi that the day before yesterday the chimney that was again emitting black smoke all the time, they say the same thing in all places of work.
 Human error workers have developed a culture of familiarity with risk and do not observe protective measures.
 Those responsible will be punished.
 We will take measures to prevent it from happening again.
We will support the victim's family.
 This is not what we hear every day now on the TV channels 10 days after the crime, this is what we read in the newspapers.
 That's not what the journalists say, that's not what the others from the other parties say.
 In fact, they are now standing so close to the families of the victims that for LARCO, for example, they voted to give them up to 100.
000 €, less than what a technocrat appointed by the same people gets in just one year in a few months, that's how much they cost human life for those lost both in the railways and in LARCO.
 The workers' complaints were responded to in the same way the railways responded.
 That the company is being discredited that in the complaints of the workers of LARCO they were saying you remember, we all remember that you are talking about the problems, because the company will be closed down in LARCO and all the crimes that are being committed in their workplaces.
 It's easy to blame the victim eventually, since they are one and can no longer speak and when they fail they move the blame one level further.
 To the colleague, the stationmaster of LARCO, the head of the workplace, i.e. any job and any service.
 But the voice of the dead is heard through your voice, through our voice, through the voice of all of us, and Mr.
 Ε.
  is steadfastly here to strengthen this voice, to carry it throughout Greece and abroad.
 In the far reaches of the world, the slogan this crime will not be forgotten of all the dead will become a voice heard these days.
 All of Greece applies in full and for the dead of the pit we do not forget and will not forget the 80 dead, the hundreds of others who left from occupational diseases, the crippled.
 Yes, the crime in Tempe will not be forgotten.
 The crimes in every place of work, the crime in the eye, in Mandra of Attica, in the earthquakes, in the pandemic, in which even Malessina paid many deaths and with so many of our fellow human beings who inherited health problems.
Friends, these days a crucial question is on everyone's mind.
 How does 2023 with this great development of technology and science.
 Not every mother can feel that her children are travelling safely.
And yet in this rotten system of exploitation that has only profit as its god because everything that has to do with the protection of the life of the people, such as the safe movement of the people is a cost.
 See for example first home auctions, wage garnishments, fine for any reason.
 All this is done electronically and automatically.
 No delays, no errors on trains put a bow tie on staff to cut tickets.
 We were told that it is the safest way and the results are well known and at the same time tragically they made roads.
There is the possibility of electronic payment at the tolls, but it is unaffordable for the people to pay the tolls.
 Which resident in Malesina to go to the capital of the municipality of Lokron, Atalante.
 It goes from the highway and not from the side roads which are dangerous.
 None.
  They set up an electronic prescription system for family doctors, but there are no doctors in the villages.
 The building of the Health Centre in Malesina here was never used.
 Demolishes the health centers of Atalanta will have abandoned the hospitals in Livadia and Lamia.
 It is in a miserable state, the doctors themselves say so, the nurses themselves say so, people, houses, property were burned.
 Base on the fires took advantage of the pandemic quarantine and overnight literally the malesina filled with wind turbines.
And all the time.
 And yet no one can pay the electricity.
 There are many people who are freezing cold who have no electricity to read to their children.
 At the same time, despite the fact that electricity is paid for in gold, the unannounced power cuts caused by the PPC are becoming more and more frequent, burning the household appliances of popular households, professionals, leaving the work of the.
 Self-employed professionals, dead for many peak hours.
 In fact, now they want to put wind turbines in the yards of the houses, as they want it together.
 They want to put floating photovoltaic panels there is no end to their plans for their profits over the heads of residents on the last remaining beaches for all the people to swim.
  We call on your youth to rally, to be vigilant and to fight together to prevent this crime from happening.
 These crimes we must not let them get away with.
 We will put the issue in Parliament, we will organize the struggle.
Friends, we all know, all of us here and those who listen to us from the outside, that we are in a truly blessed region.
 The waters of the larynx go to the sea.
 And yet the olive grove of Malessina, Larymna, Martinos is damaged by anhydria, because business interests have nothing to gain, he says, from irrigation projects for the.
 Small-scale producers, the Euboean sea can offer quality and quantity of fish and yet the trawlers sweep everything away.
 Fish farms have workers on very low wages, they are squeezing them dry.
 At the same time, those who lived with their boats and supplied the people's households with cheap and good fish have been wiped out.
 We know and you know that Fthiotida.
 Covers 40% of edible olive production and produces large quantities of oil.
 A large part of this is here in the municipality of Lokron and yet the cost of production for farmers is unbearable and because we are in the fertilization season.
 Of the pruning of the Fora weeding in the next month, basically for those of you who farm here in the copaida, you know better than anyone what unsustainable production costs mean.
 What it means to have frost in the plain of Atalanti 15.
000 hectares of olive trees early 2022 then and to date have not been compensated.
 Oil producers, while the Ministry continues to make promises again.
 Again the mockery is all that, together with the rules of the free market, is driving mainly small producers away from the fields.
 It's what's wiping out the peasantry.
The free market rules that everyone embraces are the ones that lead to products being dumped in landfills.
 To stay in the fields in the warehouses at the same time that the people have greatly reduced and degraded the nutrition of their children.
 Why accuracy is unbearable.
 Tie the water is paid in gold and water cuts are increasing.
Why should they sell and bottled by business groups for the direction is to pay for the good.
 When it comes to water, you can tie up the biological plants that you have also paid gold for and in most villages for decades now the planned projects have not started.
 For years now you've been hearing from their various elected officials in the municipality will and will and will and will and all will but also where they have started and a piece has been built as it is here in Malessina.
 Again it is incomplete.
 Not all households can be connected.
 The station has been abandoned according to the testimonies, it is a new environmental bomb.
 We literally know and you know.
 How 60 years of LARCO's operation never developed its potential with the construction of a stainless steel plant utilizing the by-products and all the potential that LARCO has, so that thousands of workers can work in it and contribute not only to the local community but to the country as a whole.
 They never exploited possibilities such as the trillions of cubic metres of hot water that have fallen into the Gulf of Evia that could warm the region in winter and give cheap energy to large greenhouse plants, for example, which would also employ thousands of workers.
Here's how many drugs are produced in our country and at the same time they are missing from pharmacies here's the situation they have put the small shopkeepers in.
 We see here the landscaping of the square and this square and the square's square at a considerable cost, even to put cement on top of cement.Have the professionals who have their shops around the squares been asked at all what exactly they propose, so that everyone has the same opportunity to create a space where workers can come with their children to drink their coffee, to drink their cigarettes, so that there are places where the children can come and drink their coffee, to have their cigarettes, to have a place where the children can have their coffee, to have their cigarettes, to have a place where they can drink their cigarettes, to have a place where they can have their coffee, to have their cigarettes.
 They will play safely.
Obviously they don't do what they want, cut ribbons and stuff contractors.
We have several dear friends in the area and they tell us all these concerns every day but we who are and I personally and others very often around here we see them and we have highlighted all these problems and in Parliament with questions and reports.
 For example, what measures were taken after the flooding in Theologos, no.
 What measures went there after the fire.
 Also in Theologos in the rest of the region.
 there are too many problems facing the people in every region.
 Here in Malesina the ring road that has not been opened for decades, resulting in heavy tractor vehicles and machinery passing through the village next to the children playing and riding their bikes, as well as the fact that there is also no public transport to connect the villages of the area to the city of Malesina and Atalante, the passage of cars, tractors and machinery, children playing and riding their bikes, and the fact that there is no public transport between the villages of the area and the city of Malesina.
 All of this can only be a bomb that may explode at some point.
 After all, small accidents, but also larger accidents are sometimes.
Often many times daily, such as.
 In the sports facilities that are installed, maintained by the parents' savings, the philanthropy of sports clubs of people who want their children to play sports.
 In fact, they are not ashamed at all and at the beginning of the season we saw the government spokesman wishing the children a good season.
 But he didn't take a walk into the locker room of the indoor gym and take a shower with cold water.
 In fact, they have so much impudence that the differences between them about who will have the chair, about who will have the upper hand, they solve them by putting the children in front, as happened about a month ago when there was police intervention in the indoor basketball gym in Malesina.
But such are they sit throughout their term of office all together in company.
 And in the end they pretend to fight in the channels to show their difference and to steal the vote of the people.
 And if the New Democracy government boasts that it has solved a 100-year-old issue, how will the houses of Malesina not be seen.
 But let forest land tell the truth in full.
 That this was a requirement of the bankers of the banks, because they want to walk away from the foreclosures of net worth properties.
  At the same time, no measures were taken so that the obligation that the state has towards the residents of Malessina does not cost a fortune for the obvious, for example in view of the privatization of LARCO, which with a bill legalized everything for free for all that we live, we know the real culprits in all cases to privatize large companies and state services there has been a methodical, a conscious devaluation by all governments, a policy of abandoning overcharging and fines directed by the European Union.
 In all cases, the abandonment, the devaluation, the subordination of the state to the interests of the few is highlighted each time.
 In all cases, the way in which governments are linked to the interests of various business groups, that is, to the profits of the few, is highlighted, and this link is the matrix that gives rise to kickbacks and corruption.
 In the railways, the provocative concession contracts concluded and signed by all these governments are an eye-opener.In LARCO, the waste of millions by all the governments, the conscious abandonment to demolish it and give it away for a plate of lentils, so that the furnaces have been extinguished and the workers do not know if and when it will be reopened.
 The railways and LARCO are typical examples, as are the shipyards in our country, ELVO, roads, ports, airports, telecommunications.
 The PPC and overall infrastructure given by all governments for the benefit of business groups.
All these were sold.
 We are full of unemployed and we live the current situation, you have the government right hand, a large portion of the media that take direction and present all this as supposedly damaging.
Since the workers' mobilisations and demands are either not raised, or they use the narrative.
 You have the right to strike, but other workers have the right to work.
 You are state-sponsored trade unionists and other such things that we hear every day.
 That is, they do everything they can to turn one section of workers against the other.
 You have all heard and their parrots, that the workers of LARCO.
 They sit and get paid and they all.
 You know it's not like that.
 You know that the workers of LARCO have been fighting a great and heroic struggle for 4 years now.
 It is a struggle that is a beacon for the entire working class at home and abroad, to get the furnaces smoking again.
 The struggle of LARCO workers is your living experience here in the region.
 4 years, a frontal conflict.
 On the one hand the workers, with the solidarity of other workers from all over Greece and abroad, and on the other hand the government of the New Democracy, the other parties that ruled the parties that support business interests, such as the New Democracy, SYRIZA and Bazon, their investors, the mechanisms that have in various municipalities and regions the decisions of the Commission of the European Union and all the laws that they have passed in Parliament over time.
 And yet the workers of LARCO have broken every record of endurance or are close to victory.
 The government, under the pressure of the political cost of this struggle, has been forced to commit to renewing the contracts until the end of the year.
 Despite the predictions and the government's words that said that in 6 months they would be out of the woods for not having to give them even 1 € for compensation, even though they had voted for it, the workers managed to get the laws.
 This not to be implemented, change.
 She is still standing inside LARCO and they are struggling to relight her fuse.
 Mr. E or has been and will be by their side, but right now it requires the whole region to show determination that the plans that others have will not go through and determination means that we will not allow him to lose his job either.
 One worker, we will not allow a single house to be auctioned.
 We will not allow the blackout to happen to any popular household.
 We will demand that measures be taken, that infrastructure be created to serve security, everyday life, the needs of the people.
 We can with our struggles, but also with our political choices.
 We can.
 Reinforcing everywhere the Mr. Mr.
 E and in the elections to redden the ballot boxes to get Mr. Mr.
 E deputy here in Fthiotida.
 Do you know how many of Mr.
 Κ.
 They do everything they can to be in the workplaces in the towns and villages every day, they do everything they can to highlight the problems, demand solutions and step forward to implement them.
 Because the people also need associations like LARCO, associations that will highlight culture, the sporting spirit, customs, popular entertainment, they need municipal councillors, mayors, regional governors, elected by the ballots of the People's Coalition who have a position with documented proposals for every village, every municipality in the region, in all the problems.
It doesn't need MPs who vote to red the houses, the banks and if they buy the red loans and their crows.
 It needs MPs to stand in front of every bailiff to cancel auctions to block the crows of banks and other business groups.
 The people do not need MPs and ministers whose bills condemn the young, the workers, the pensioners, but they need those who reveal to the people the unpopular content of the laws and organise the struggle for their final abolition.
 It does not need MPs and ministers who raised their hands and voted to close LARCO to cut the wages and rights of workers and thus condemned an entire region.
 It needs Members of Parliament.
 Where will they sleep day and night at LARCO, carrying the problems, the demands to the Parliament and organizing the front against the business interests that want to exploit this whole area and the workers to be unemployed or on starvation wages We also hear those who say.
 That we are facing the worst government of this new democracy.
 That's because every government is worse than the previous one.
 So it was all the worst minia.
 But on the other hand, we have had the worst opposition in recent years and the worst opposition of SYRIZA and behind it that of PASOK, it is not enough that in any race.
 Not only have they not stepped forward, but they have been singing back to the people, telling them that when they come out again at some point this government will solve the problems as if we haven't seen their hairstyles as if they didn't rule or co-govern conditions as if they didn't vote for memoranda that they implemented all together and each one individually, but that's not enough, but completely shamelessly SYRIZA has voted.
 And 50% of the laws that the government has passed in the Parliament during this four-year period, while PASOK has passed 70% of these laws.
 In fact, all these laws are the laws that flatten rights, flatten the life of the Greek people.
 LARCO is the best example for conclusions.
 The Communist Party of Greece submitted 3 proposals for laws for the reopening of LARCO to secure all jobs in none of them, but in none of them SYRIZA and PASOK avoided to meet the unions, because we know that there is experience and that they will be cornered.
 They did exactly the same thing for bills but tabled by Mr.
 Ε.
  for accuracy, for the reduction of VAT on fuel and food, for the reduction of the price of electricity for popular households, for the restoration of collective labour agreements, for the restoration of holiday bonuses, for the holiday allowance to all workers and pensioners.
 If all this is not evidence of who is with the workers, who is with the opponents, then what is it?
 Friends and friends we know each other very well and we have a heart-to-heart relationship with each other even if we don't agree on everything.
 We are proud to know this region so well and we are honoured that you see us as females, even those of you who have not voted for us so far.
 Thought.
 But consider that today you have many more reasons.
 More than any other time, trust us to work alongside you, to reach out to Mr.
 Well to culti because you know from your own Pyrrha that Mr. Mr.
 Ε.
 shows no tolerance to the unpopular policy.
 Whatever cloak or costume Mr. E wears, he will be here in front of the struggle to prevent.
 Unpopular measures to gain breaths of relief, to have conquests and only the Communist, Greece.
 Because the Kuquete is the only one who says that today there is a solution for the benefit of the working people, but in conflict with this rotten system and its governments to open the way for a genuine people's government and power.
 Only Mr. Mr.
 E has such a scientifically elaborated program that proves that our people everywhere and here in Malesina, in Fthiotida, in the whole of Greece, can enjoy modern rights, to live in prosperity in their place and they and their children and this is what we all must do to set a goal, to live better and we and our children.
 We can Only the PLAOS will save the people on the road to the subversion of radical change, but with a much more powerful kukuet with a deputy of Mr.
 E in the prefecture of Fthiotida.
 In this election talk to everyone and EVERYONE you know, your acquaintances, your relatives, your friends, your friends' friends, your neighbours, anyone you know, your neighbours to give with determination.
 Their vote for Mr.
 Ε.
 Y thank you good strength and health to all.
