Thank you, Madam President.
 Measures to support victims and those affected by the earthquakes.
 You bring as a bill.
 I had to modestly.
 Humble.
 With respect to the popular sentiment for this great national mourning, bring a bill that is exclusively targeted at measures to support victims and the affected.
 Not by fiddling with them, by inserting these 12 articles into a maze of 132 articles and provisions with gifts and buffers.
 For the daydreamers.
 But you cannot hold back even in the moment of mourning and devotion.
 You have to make everything dirty.
 Every good and appropriate thing to use.
 To hide behind a bill you have to pay that you have to pay before Parliament closes.
 Ladies and Gentlemen.
 This Parliament no longer has the legitimacy to legislate only one piece of legislation, it has the obligation and legitimacy to pass.
 The amendment of day 25 to be given to 500 600.
000 young men and women the right to vote in these elections in their place of work, like the police, like the magistrates, like our soldiers.
 The fact that you're not doing it proves that it's not just that a second ballot box has come up in July, but it's your plan because you know that the generation of temps, the young people and the young people out there are going to blackball you and you want to take away.
 The vote prove me wrong, it's too easy.
 Pass our amendment give young people the right to vote in workplaces.
 You don't do it because you are afraid of the youth.
 You fear the generation of the lazy.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we are starting an election period.
 We at Day 25 are committed to run the election campaign with ethics.
 And with a commitment to highlighting.
 In the public interest.
 Without fear, without pathos, without passion, without crowns, to highlight our real major differences with each of the political forces represented here in the Parliament, but also forces not represented in the Parliament outside.
 Our first big difference with you.
 The New Democracy of PASOK and SYRIZA concerns our assessment of the course of this country.
 Do you consider.
 That in 2018 we came out of the memoranda, that our debt is sustainable, that your differences are simply about how you will manage the post-memorandum phase of this country.
 We founded Day 25 because we don't believe this fairy tale.
 We established the day 25 because this country is not sustainable neither the public debt, nor the private debt, nor the state, nor the private sector is sustainable.
 In this context of prison, private and public debt, which has been created by the domestic and foreign troika.
You are talking about investment grade.
 You of the new democracy are the Holy Grail of your government.
 Do you know the investment grade.
 It's another opportunity to cover up the bankruptcy of both the public and private sector, where the and favourably whether it's public or private, when it borrows with an investment grade, without an investment grade, it's essentially borrowing on the backs of Frankfurt.
 The only thing it does is dig deeper.
 The hole in which this economy of our public and private sector is stuck.
 Our second big difference.
 Which we will highlight from today until the elections, is about simple proportional representation.
 Friends of SYRIZA it is not enough to vote for the simple proportional representation.
 You must honor her.
 To be able to separate the reactionary narrative of governability.
 From the sacred sacred obligation for a meaningful pre-electoral dialogue, given that the Constitution does not allow us the time for a post-electoral dialogue.
 A dialogue that will bring.
 If not the convergence that you are, it means we will at least agree to at least agree to honestly record what our real disagreements are before the people electorally.
 We're watching as day 25 what I think the whole nation out there is watching.
 The 2 major parties, New Democracy and SYRIZA to devalue in practice the simple proportional representation, New Democracy directly and SYRIZA indirectly.
 It's a risk of teratogenesis.
 Who is Mr Mitsotakis.
 Whoever wants it wants it claims his right to create a monster government.
 Because yes, Mr Mitsotakis, it is a monstrosity to require self-reliance against 65% of the voters, to put those who abstained 75% of the voters.
 You want self-reliance against the overwhelming majority of the Greek people.
 This is a monster, this is monstrosity.
 And yes, Mr. Alexis Tsipras.
 It's monstrosity and to demand to make progressive government so without a program remember the show.
 And Mitsotakis.
 The lack of self-reliance is not a problem of democracy, it may be a problem of the new democracy, but the lack of self-reliance when you have 30, 32, 35% is democracy.
 Ladies and Gentlemen Ministers.
 Members of the New Democracy.
 Mr Mitsotakis, no government can, is it to be self-reliant really self-reliant, strong.
 Even if you have a majority in Parliament.
 When the overwhelming majority is against you.
 When the majority in Parliament has been wrested from you through the rigged procedures of an electoral law of enhanced proportional representation, enhanced proportional representation, just as the CIA talks about enhanced interrogation, that's what the CIA calls torture, the Troika, the Troika process called enhanced surveillance, so enhanced proportional representation is the rape of democracy.
 Friends of SYRIZA, Mr. Tsipras, if you are listening to us.
 No government, but no government that emerges like this without a programme, even with a simple proportional representation, without a progressive front of our people out there who will support a progressive, consistent, coherent government programme against the oligarchy.
 Because only against the oligarchy can there be a truly progressive government programme only with such a progressive front, which is not built from Monday morning, after election Sunday until Wednesday afternoon.
 Only one such.
 A progressive front and a progressive coherent government programme can form the basis of a progressive government.
 Anything else you say come and see me between Monday and Wednesday will be just as progressive.
 As socialist as PASOK is.
 Not at all.
 I spoke about confrontation on the basis of honesty.
 And of political culture with all political forces I want to address at this moment and a little bit to the friends of Mr.
 Κ.
 ε.
 Friends of Mr. Mr.
 Ε.
 Before the July 2019 elections.
 You made a mistake, you seem to have seen day 25 two or three weeks before the 19 election, that we are coming into the House in a big way, bringing back after 15 for the first time the no vote which you never supported.
 Neither before, nor during, nor after the referendum that we were bringing it.
 In the Parliament.
 A no that you will not believe, friends of Mr.
 ε.
 And so.
 In the face of the ballot box that would bring day 25 along with the no vote back into Parliament, you chose to personally call me a golden boy.
 Man of the Americans or man of Soros, falling into the trap of the anti-Semitic propaganda of the extreme right here in our country.
 At some point.
 Friends and friends, I fell victim to a forgery, not yours.
 A forgery that presented itself as ready to vote for the third memorandum, which I remind you I resigned to not vote for.
 As I did not vote for it with my hands and feet, body and soul.
 Then, shortly after the elections of 19 personally.
 Without crowns, with love and companionship, I explained to a member of the House of Representatives of Mr.
 Κ.
 that it was a forgery.
 I told you, I don't believe that the coquette with your heavy history.
 Obligation to honor can never do so intentionally.
 Unfortunately, 4 years later this year you brought the same forgery again, even though you knew it was your forgery, I am speaking friendly.
 The vulgar lie of Varoufakis, which the Trojans are listening to and laughing at, has already created a climate of violence against those of us who said no to the local and foreign oligarchy.
 That summer of '15 put a.
 In this mistake you started 4 years ago.
 You want to criticise us.
 Friends of the KKE.
 You have a glorious field of glory to point your arrows at our real positions, as we do with you focus for example that we on day 25 insist on putting forward directly applicable proposals, like Odysseus instead of Hercules.
 Public company managing private debts, such as the financial transaction system, Demetra.
 Proposals that can be implemented tomorrow morning before socialism comes before Monday comes.
 Tell us why this is wrong, why you think it is drastic and unpopular.
 Make a serious criticism of what we say, not what we don't say.
 Focus on what we reject on day 25.
 Both the ravenous state and private predators.
 Tell us why we are wrong Why it is wrong to despise both the state and private capital itself.
 You are criticising and this is not only about Mr.
 Κ.
 I t concerns all forces in Parliament.
 On day 25 in our vision for appointed administrations of public bodies.
 From and accountable to consultative councils of conscripts and elected citizens consisting 2/3 by conscripts and 1/3 by elected citizens neither by the minister to appoint administrations nor to the minister to hold administrations accountable nor to the private citizen.
 There we focus on how we break the dilemma the false dilemma of state, capitalists or private mania or statism.
 The people out there don't want the minister or the investor to control water, electricity, trains, public goods.
 We on day 25 propose consultative councils of elected citizens and elected citizens, with fun and everywhere as a lever for democratisation, development and culture.
 In this way we are giving new content to democracy through the discourses everywhere.
 In this election.
 In the next election, in the election after the next election, in all the elections that follow.
 On day 25 we will put forward the programme of regaining social and democratic control over major public goods.
 We nationalise the networks of public goods.
 As the PPC, OSE and immediately.
 Will.
 Immediately after nationalization we create single public bodies that we hand them over to society to run and supervise.
 We will do the same with the institutions of the state that we will recover from the Troika, whether it's the adaea, the tax authorities.
 Will.
 Whether it's the Hyperfund.
 Will.
 Either it is the Development Bank, or it is the Central Bank of Greece itself.
 With justice.
 Education, health, information to be passed on to the social control of the entertainers.
 we call upon all our political opponents.
 Criticise these proposals harshly, focus on this vision and our plan for a democracy that for the first time penetrates both the state and the economy.
 With the ultimate goal of each business being managed over time.
 I'm not saying it's an easy thing to do today, but this is our vision.
 A business run on the basis of one employee, one share, one vote.
 With the right of every citizen to a basic income.
 We challenge you and invite you to present your own vision to the one that makes the Day 25 Alliance for Rupture the only party with a governmental program instead of an anti-capitalist, green, self-managing and deeply democratic one.
 Will.
 As we approach the end of this Parliament, allow me, on behalf of day 25, to wish all and sundry.
 To have a tough.
 But a clean election campaign.
 Because that is the only way to convince the citizens who are disappointed with our parliamentarianism out there that democracy has a chance to recover in these lands.
 Thank you.
 And thank you, Mr. President.
