I would like to thank you warmly for your presence and especially to thank all the representatives of the stakeholders we have invited today.
 To participate in this presentation.
 Our positions, our plan to address perhaps the biggest problem facing the Greek economy and Greek society today - private debt.
 And of course the non-performing loans.
 It's been about 15 years.
 From the starting point of the great crisis that was born.
 In 2008 in the United States of America.
 A crisis that spread across the world, touched every economy, affected every society.
 You will remember.
 That the first image of that crisis was its terrifying and immediate expansion into mortgages.
 Housing crisis mortgage bubble crisis.
 Followed by auctions and forced evictions.
 Generalized in the United States and then.
 And in our parts.
 Very typical then in Spain with a conservative government, back when they didn't put any barriers.
 But of course also here when we were already in the era of the memoranda.
 Then it was the first big threat to the first home.
 And that's when it had to come to the forefront institutionally politically.
 And of course kinematically.
 With the action of citizens, the need to protect the.
 What he largely preserved.
 The real estate of vulnerable households and the middle class in our country in Greece.
 It was the Katseli law back in 2010 originally.
 It is a great pleasure and honour to have Luca Katseli with us.
 And we will have the pleasure of chatting with all stakeholders.
 And for our proposal today.
 In which, of course, I must say that we have also taken into account her comments.
 So it was the Katseli law.
 Initially in 2010 and later.
 The so-called Stathakis law in 2015 that extended the.
 The law of 2010.
 But today the Greek society is ahead.
 In the repetition of the same play.
 After so many years of sacrifice.
 A hard struggle and a collective effort to get out of the multi-year crisis.
 We are unfortunately.
 Again in front of the same play, spectators in front of the same threat.
 In the 4 years of the New Democracy government.
 Private debt has increased by around €40 billion.
 Non-performing loans in the Greek economy.
 They now amount to €111 billion.
 The balance sheets of the banks.
 They appear to be reduced.
 Due to their securitisation and sale to special purpose vehicles.
 However, they remain.
 Inside the economy.
 Burdening the activity and budgets of thousands of households and businesses.
 Total 4.
200.
000 citizens.
 They currently have bad debts to banks, gol, tax and efka, while one million bank accounts are seized.
 And this downhill slide unfortunately has no end.
 The crisis, energy inflation, shrinking disposable income.
 The continuing rise in the cost of living for citizens.
 With rising prices in energy, fuel, food and energy prices.
 But also the recurring in recent months.
 European Central Bank lending rates rise sharply.
 We are facing the creation, unfortunately, of a new generation of red loans.
 And the government of the New Democracy.
 Instead of intervening in the problem.
 Unfortunately, with its policy it makes it even worse.
 And it doesn't make it worse.
 Just because it's dormant.
 But because he has chosen side.
 He has consciously chosen.
 To favour.
 The biggest redistribution of property in our country since World War II, because that's what's going to happen in the next few years.
 If we let it happen.
 He has chosen side.
 That is why the decisions of the.
 Throws the available wealth of every Greek household into the gambling of the fans.
 I recall.
 The 2020 Bankruptcy Code.
 which abolished horizontally the protection of the main residence.
 Leading to the liberalisation of the auctions of the first homes of the popular and middle classes.
 I recall the out-of-court mechanism, which did not provide for any binding participation of the creditors of banks and funds, so that the debts of citizens were not settled in the end.
 I recall the Hercules project.
 on the basis of which the transfer of loans from banks to funds were linked.
 By a law of 2003.
 An action that is.
 Which on the one hand exempts funds from taxation for all kinds of operations.
 On the other hand, it does not oblige the borrower to propose a settlement before any enforcement action.
 So somehow, with these decisions and these developments.
 Our country.
 A country at the heart of Europe.
 Turning the social field into a wild west.
 The treatment of private debt is now subject to the doctrine.
 Whatever is not paid is confiscated.
 And confiscated by the fans.
 which now control with collateral about 700.
000 properties across the country.
 Worth more than EUR 40 billion.
 And whose only concern.
 It is the implementation of quick auctions.
 Even for debts of a few thousand euros.
 In the midst of this gloomy.
 Reality came and the decision.
 The recent decision of the Plenary of the Supreme Court surprised us with the speed of justice any citizen in this country may have to wait years.
 6 7 years to find his right here has indeed been a very great speed.
 But what the Plenary of the Supreme Court decided.
 Management companies have been given the opportunity to.
 proceed with enforcement measures without a prior proposal for adjustment to the debtor.
 Thus removing the minimum procedural protection available to borrowers.
 It is therefore obvious.
 That we are.
 At a turning point or should I say a point of no return.
 As long as the country is ruled by a government that has a strategy of redistributing this to the few and powerful in goals, but also to day laboring, state-owned businessmen.
 And of course as long as.
 The country will be ruled by one more.
 whose deputies, like Mr. Patsis, build fortunes by exploiting the labour.
 And the homes of the Greek citizens, the.
 Ministers of this party, like Mr Papathanasis, clean up with just 50.
000 € 2 million in debts.
 Or a party, as you know, owes 400 million euros.
 Loans and probably unsecured loans to banks.
 And with a cabinet that owes a total of more than €12 million.
 And ministers and officials of the.
 Enjoy favourable arrangements.
 But at the same time that the banks are pushing.
 And debt collectors terrorize.
 Every family man who has taken out a mortgage and every entrepreneur who has made a life-long investment in his business.
 Because you know.
 If they had nothing to hide.
 That is, if all members of the government were formal with their obligations.
 And they were treated the same as the average citizen.
 Then he wouldn't have refused twice.
 Last time last week, the obvious.
 The amendment that we tabled.
 Not only the amount of the loans, but also all the arrangements for politicians, for public figures, for MPs, for ministers were denied.
 They refused, presumably because.
 It appears that the papathanase DES is not.
 The exception is the rule in the trial of the operation.
 So dear friends and dear friends.
 The political change.
 On 21 May it is imperative.
 When injustice becomes the norm, political change is imperative to return justice.
 Because without justice there can be no stability, there can be no economic growth, there can be no social cohesion and prosperity.
 Justice and reason I would say.
 Because it is absolutely absurd to discuss in 2023.
 For predators that squeeze families for 10.
000 €.
 It is absurd to live under daily terror from the collection agencies.
 Tens of thousands of pensioners, day labourers and traders.
 It is absurd to talk about growth and perspective.
 With a society in mortgage.
 That is why it is not an exaggeration to say.
 That the upcoming election.
 It is ultimately and literally a struggle for altars and hearths.
 A struggle for altars and hearths so that we can safely and wisely organise the next day.
 But for this reason.
 We need not only the will, which we have, but also a plan.
 We need a well-developed and immediately applicable solution for the protection of the first home and I believe we have it and we will present it to you immediately.
 We didn't start.
 From scratch to get to the proposal we will present today.
 We already have a lot of work behind us.
 I recall that in April 21 we put forward the framework for a permanent and comprehensive private debt management plan.
 With protection of the main residence and other critical assets to replace the government's bankruptcy law.
 The proposal concerns exceptional measures to regulate the pandemic debt, but also a permanent framework structured around 3 main pillars: businesses, households and public debt.
 I also recall that last July.
 We presented a 4-pillar plan for housing policy.
 The first concerns the treatment of non-performing private household debt, with the guarantee of the home.
 The second is the control of the activity of the s.
 The third is the protection of young people's right to housing by doubling the rent subsidy for young people and young couples from 24 to 44.
 And broadening the income criteria to cover more beneficiaries and the fourth axis.
 The creation of a housing bank of existing apartments and houses, to be made available as a priority to young couples with low rents.
 So these are the programmatic basis on which we come today to build our proposal for the regulation of debts and the protection of the first home, but also of commercial housing and agricultural land.
 So we start with the necessary institutional interventions that we have planned.
 First.
 We are creating a Deputy Ministry of Finance.
 With exclusive responsibility for the management of private debt and housing policy.
 We do this so that there is speed and efficiency in taking immediate action.
 Bringing together responsibilities for the implementation of comprehensive and integrated policies to address this horizontal problem for society.
 Second.
 We recommend a public supervisory authority for private debt management under the Ministry of Finance.
 Third.
 We are moving towards the creation of a special debt restructuring and housing policy fund in the development bank.
 Which will support with hot money through targeted subsidies.
 The arrangements of red loans through the online platform.
 I'll explain later.
 The loan instalments of adult borrowers.
 Which have increased excessively due to the latest increase in interest rates so that the consistent borrowers can continue to repay their loans and thirdly.
 The subsidy of low-interest mortgage instalments to young couples under the special housing policy we announced last July.
 We also set rules.
 In the gallery mode.
 Ensuring transparency.
 And justice for their activities, firstly.
 Making it mandatory to file with the public supervisory authority all data information and business plans of securitizations and loan package purchases by asset management companies.
 Second.
 Imposing statutory taxation on debt management companies.
 Thirdly, by reforming the operating framework for claims management companies.
 And finally.
 We are upgrading the borrower's cap, borrower service centres.
 Under the special secretariat for private debt management for the provision of advice and legal assistance to vulnerable debtors.
 These are the institutional interventions.
 Let me now get to the substance of the proposal of our proposal of our plan.
 A plan based on the following features.
 The collective regulation of overdue debts.
 The protection, from the liquidation of the first home, of commercial housing and agricultural land.
 Public participation.
 By subsidising part of the regulated debt.
 Through the restructuring fund that we are building in the Development Bank.
 And finally the supervision.
 And the coordination of the whole process.
 From the public supervisory authority.
 But let's take things in order.
 Who is concerned for which debts.
 And how this whole process will work.
 First and foremost, let us see what debts we are talking about.
 In essence, we are talking about all debts to institutional creditors, banks, credit companies, debt acquisition and management companies, public and insurance funds.
 As I said, the objective here is the collective settlement of overdue debts.
 And we want a substantial solution, not aspirin so that we don't have to face the same problem again and again.
 Second, let's see who's concerned.
 We are talking about any natural person.
 With or without bankruptcy capacity who has become permanently and generally insolvent and is in default of payment of arrears.
 Therefore, any citizen who has found himself in such an unfortunate situation.
 He has the right to request the adjustment of his debts and thus immediately protect his first home, his business premises and his agricultural land from forced liquidation.
 The conditions are simple and self-evident, with no loopholes for exclusions.
 Permanent and general inability to meet arrears.
 Absence of abusive or fraudulent behaviour see some ministers of the New Democracy.
 Obligation.
 Honesty.
 Secured by the lifting of banking and tax secrecy.
 And now let's go.
 On the individual conditions.
 Which are specialised.
 For the protection of the first home, commercial housing and agricultural land.
 For the first house.
 A prerequisite is that the property must be used.
 As main residence or potential main residence.
 For the commercial property, the property must serve as the tax and actual place of business for the main professional activity for the agricultural land.
 The property must be owned by a farmer in his main occupation.
 Now.
 2 important conditions, the debtor's monthly disposable income.
 Not to exceed.
 Reasonable living expenses, increased by 70%.
 And finally.
 The objective value of the property.
 The objective value of the property to be included in the regulation, not to exceed 300.
000 € for a family of four.
 As you will understand, it is a clear plan.
 Regarding the debts and wide-ranging.
 As regards the beneficiaries.
 Simplicity and breadth.
 They are the starting point for moving on to the next equally clear steps in the process.
 So here we have 2 stages.
 One stage is the so-called out-of-court stage and this has 2 alternatives for the debtor and the other is the so-called out-of-court stage.
 The second stage is to go to court.
 Priority is given to the out-of-court stage and our aim is to solve the problems there with regulations, but if there is no solution for various reasons there is also the judicial recourse.
 In the first stage of out-of-court settlement.
 A crucial element, I repeat, is the compulsory nature of the creditor's participation.
 To put it simply.
 No bank and no credit institution will no longer be able to do what we call daddy's duty to propose a viable solution to the debtor and instead of proceeding to regulation, proceed to express foreclosures and auctions.
 The steps here are as follows.
 Debtor submits a request on the online platform of the Special Secretariat for Private Debt Management.
 The participation of creditors is mandatory, as is the result of the resulting arrangement.
 Upper creditor.
 Not participating.
 Then any act of enforcement shall be annulled.
 The whole process.
 As I said, it is carried out through an electronic platform.
 So with objectivity.
 With fast and easy and reliable data collection.
 By carrying out cross-checks with speed in issuing the arrangement and at no cost to the borrower.
 From this first out-of-court stage.
 As I said a moment ago, there are 2 alternative routes once we enter the framework of the regulation.
 The first alternative.
 It is an arrangement of the debt with a large write-off.
 Part of the debt, but short in repayment term.
 This category.
 It concerns already transferred mortgage loans managed by the notorious debt management companies.
 And it includes, mind you, it includes debt forgiveness of the current face value of the loan between 40 to 60%.
 Includes.
 Provision for a state subsidy of up to 50% for servicing the remaining debt based on.
 Income and social criteria.
 And of course, or when we say short repayment term we are talking about a term of 5 to 10 years based on the repayment capacity of the debtor.
 If a debtor cannot follow this short-term arrangement.
 We provide him with a second alternative.
 The regulation of the debt with a long-term repayment period and low instalments.
 In this case.
 100% is paid.
 Look out for the property value of the protected property.
 That is, what the creditor would get if he went to auction, but over time with monthly equal instalments.
 The value is determined from the ENFIA statement for the objective value and where this does not exist from the notary's valuation.
 If the objective value is higher than the amount due, because there are also such cases.
 You obviously pay the amount due in equal monthly instalments.
 Now the duration of this long-term arrangement ranges from 10 to 35 years.
 This of course depends on the debtor's ability to repay, while a fixed low interest rate of 2% is guaranteed.
 And as far as the instalments are concerned, an important parameter.
 Because we know very well that there are thousands of cases where the arrangement was made, but the monthly amount was impossible to pay consistently due to the reduction of disposable income.
 For this reason, therefore, there is a safeguard.
 So that the monthly installment.
 Calculated on the basis of the household's disposable income not exceeding 3/10 of the income, i.e. not exceeding 30% of the household's disposable income.
 For the most vulnerable categories of debtors.
 Which they will choose with this second alternative.
 Long-term repayment up to 35 years.
 The granting of the arrangement is accompanied by a subsidy programme for the repayment of instalments.
 In order not to lose the regulation.
 The vulnerability thresholds applicable under Law 44.
 72 that we passed in '17, are increased by 50% in order to make this subsidy available to even more of our fellow citizens, given the increase in the cost of living.
 These, therefore, concern.
 What is an out-of-court route.
 Let's now go to the other stage.
 Which concerns the judicial review.
 It is the refuge.
 Provided for in the following cases.
 As regards the debtor.
 If, despite the mandatory nature of the obligation and despite the fact that if the creditor refuses to participate.
 In the process.
 The arrangement will have the effect of removing any enforcement.
 However, if the creditor the Bank the fun finally.
 Decided not to participate in the out-of-court stage.
 Then the debtor has the option of going to court, legal aid or.
 If the debtor considers that the request for adjustment submitted by him has been wrongly rejected or if he considers, however, that he has good reason to.
 The arrangement as unviable or incorrect and wishes individualized adjudication by the judge, by submitting a proposal, will have the right to adjudication by the judge.
 While of course for the creditor.
 If it disagrees with the decision to place the debtor under the out-of-court procedure.
 Considering that the requirements of the law are not met, he will also have the possibility to go to court.
 For all cases that go to court, there will be a specific short deadline for the cases to be heard under ecus jurisdiction.
 Friends and friends, this is a summary.
 The solution we have designed.
 And we intend to immediately implement.
 However, until the commencement of this solution.
 We will leave no one and no one in a vacuum.
 That's why our first action that we have planned.
 It is to proceed immediately with a legislative act to suspend the auctions of first homes, commercial housing and agricultural land.
 Based on the above income and assets.
 Criteria.
 For a period of at least 3 months, until the new debt adjustment framework is fully implemented.
 The obvious goal is to close the last back door.
 To the sophisticates who may today covet the property of Greek citizens.
 And they were probably raping us and raping a last-minute reset before justice and sanity returned to this place.
 So I want from this presentation of our proposal here today.
 Let me speak very clearly.
 And to warn them.
 The party ends on 21 May.
 Justice will return to the land.
 If you are planning this great redistribution of wealth and property forget it.
 Gal to end, because we talk about justice everywhere.
 I want to report today.
 And in the cases of our fellow citizens, more than 70.
000 borrowers.
 Who took out mortgages in Swiss francs.
 And they found themselves with exorbitant charges after the unlocking of the exchange rate, charges up to 3 times the amount they borrowed.
 Justice for these citizens means legislation to protect their first home and to settle their debt in a sustainable way, taking into account the exchange rate at the time they received the loan and the amount they have already repaid.
 So we are committed to making it happen.
 Dear friends, dear friends.
 The proposal that we have presented today and of course we will discuss.
 Extensively and with the stakeholders and representatives of stakeholders we have invited today to discuss this proposal.
 It is, I believe, a significant strong response.
 In an urgent existential need of the Greek society, I would say.
 We are committed.
 That the victory of SYRIZA, on the twenty-first of May, will pave the way for the very next day.
 For a progressive and cooperative government.
 We will not go, we will not have to go to second or third elections, as Mr Mitsotakis is planning.
 With SYRIZA's victory we will go to a government of progressive cooperation the next day.
 That is why I would like to conclude.
 To point out.
 That this proposal.
 It will be a key point from our side.
 But also a prerequisite for a programmatic agreement of the progressive forces.
 So that with the agreement of the progressive forces of the country.
 This proposal to become the law of the state from the first week of work of the Parliament that the Greek people will elect on May 21.
 In a nutshell.
 This proposal, this plan.
 The first legislative intervention of the country's new progressive government.
 This is our goal.
 And against this proposal against this goal we call on all citizens, all institutions and all progressive forces to take a stand.
 We want and we can turn the page on May 29 and bring justice back to this land.
 The suffocating society needs it, the middle class that has been deceived.
 The weak who are seeing the last 4 years become increasingly weak justice.
 So be well everywhere.
