I begin with the deepest condolences on behalf of the entire Mera 25.
 To families.
 The friends.
 The societies, the communities.
 To all of us.
 For losing so many people.
 We Mera 25 ladies and gentlemen do not need any committee whatsoever to tell us what was wrong.
 Our deputies.
 Crito Arsenis and Kleon Gregoriadis.
 They presented the conclusion of what was to blame before the tragedy happened 21/03/2022 from this podium.
 Crito Arsenis.
 He invited you.
 He pleaded, he used the words, I ask you to protect our rail workers and passengers.
 3 months later Cleon Gregoriadis.
 From the minutes of the House of Representatives, he said the following, a delegation from Mera 25 visited the Stasi depot in Sepolia.
 I know this because I was in that echelon.
 There you know what we learned that 30 workers are responsible for the entire line 2 Anthoupolis Greek and line 3 from Nice to Dukissis Plakentias.
 Out of 64 workers there were 30 left.
 Not only are they understaffed, but they are missing and tools which break down are not replaced.
 And working maintenance workers are forced to make patents.
 These people, the thief continued, in violation of all labor laws have been working 7 days in a row, they have only 2 light maintenance vehicles left now and these have been decommissioned.
 Sooner or later this galley will have an accident and then.
 As with the finding for the foreman Petros Yamalis who was killed by such a locomotiva and has not been released yet 7 months now these were said by Kleonas on 21/06/2022.
 The conclusion that will come out will say that this poor 30 is to blame for killing the travelling public.
 That's what you always do.
 Split.
 And automation.
 3 weeks later 08/07/2022 Kriton Arsenis from this podium said the following, the only country in Europe where the railway was sold for less than what our contract requires us to serve the company annually.
 Let me remind you that the Italians gave 45 million.
 50 million we give them every year for Athens and Thessaloniki and it continues.
 He continued on 08/07 of 22 Kriton Arsenis and even with a contract of SYRIZA that has not yet been made public.
 It is full of your New Democracy and SYRIZA cooperation at the expense of the railway which should be the spearhead of public investment.
 Why the train is the only climate-friendly and safe means of transport we can have.
 And finally on 28/09/2022 from this podium Kriton Arsenis was saying to you.
 Specifically.
 The Athens Thessaloniki line is an absolutely unsafe line for both workers and passengers.
 As far as accidents have a name, they are called privatisation at all costs.
 If the MPs of Day 25 could know it, surely you could know it and all the parties of the memorandum could know it.
 All accomplices.
 You say that you are taking us out of the memoranda and now we are landlords in our country, then why are you not hiring?
 Then why do you leave people standing in the engine rooms.
 Alone without colleagues, capable in number and quality to do the job they are obliged by law to do.
 The Troika tells you Jis.
 You do not recruit only thousands of police officers and port officers and 600 aria of allowances you suppress her to spend the only you acclimatize without the help of the troika.
 The answer is of little interest to us.
 We know the culprit as the Greek people know him.
 Guilty is the trifecta of devaluation.
 Of the public network, devaluation breaking the public network.
 The privatisation of the remaining pieces.
 The result at best is looting.
 At worst it is death.
 Especially when it is done in a country with Quisling governments surrendered to the conquerors of the lenders.
 I will be clear, Minister, ladies and gentlemen in 2015.
 Specifically, the Trojans, and I'll refer to Mr. Thomas Wieser and Mr. Teklan Kostelo.
 Because we are talking with names from this floor of the House, they came and made it clear to me.
 Let's not talk too much about negotiation.
 Your airports will be taken by Fraport, the port will be taken by κόσko and the train will be given to the Italians of Efes.
 They were determined, they had told you when you were still in the Samaras Venizelos government.
 Because that's how it's done.
 Country Passousis pass state-owned foreign company Scratched because Fraport is state-owned and World and Efes are state-owned.
 OSE was re-nationalised by the wrong state.
 And when I was telling them that Efes is bankrupt.
 It belongs completely.
 You know this.
 Completely in the Italian Ministry of Finance and has not a penny to put into upgrading our trains.
 You know what they used to say to me.
 Never mind, we have to give something to the Italians to get them to agree.
 With the Troika, not with the Greek people.
 That's where you vasta gerouns in this Parliament have gotten us from then until now.
 And now we have the inglorious duo Kyriakos.
 I read from your Prime Minister's tweet to rejoice, I will immediately ask the European Commission and friendly countries for their assistance in know-how, so that we finally acquire modern trains and I will fight to have additional Community funding in order to maintain and upgrade, upgrade quickly the existing network.
 Basically what you are saying.
 Yes to the false technocrats of the European Union, but not to the European Parliament Commission that investigates the quality of democracy, to the interception and the journalism, you say yes to the troika for the dismantling of the trains, but not to put a brake on your computers that move Putin's oil, you say yes to the troika for the dismantling of the trains, but not to put a brake on your computers that move Putin's oil.
 You stay in Europe, you only When your goal is the impoverishment of the Greek people and you say no to Europe when the interests of the oligarchs are being driven.
 And loud and strong and the most failed President of the European Commission.
 Who was previously Mrs Merkel's failed Defence Minister, Mrs Ursula.
 She was jealous and she wanted to make a tweet and she said, today we discussed with the prime minister.
 Mitsotakis on additional technical assistance to be offered by the European Union to Greece to modernise trains and improve their safety.
 So who exactly is going to send those who put us.
 They forced the breakup of the OSE.
 And they brought tragedy.
 Who will send them the same Commission.
 How part of the troika forced SYRIZA to hand over the trains to the bankrupt Efes.
 Which carried us here after.
 35-year-old trains banned from use in the rest of Europe.
 Dear Ursula.
 We won't even get a tip when you talk to the Greeks, the Greek people for technical assistance you remind us of American decision makers who promise to bring democracy to Iraq we shudder.
 Some people ask, and some people well-meaning, why we in Day 25 say that breaking networks that provide public goods, whether it's the PPC, whether it's the OSE.
 For water, good time.
 Why do we say that breaking the networks and.
 Then privatizing them is a crime.
 For 4 reasons, ladies and gentlemen, firstly, all the accumulated experience of a single system, as in 2010, when the PASOK government at the time.
 Led by Minister Dimitris Repas Axe in the railways and pushed a number of staff either to leave or to transfer 60% of the staff E F I.
 Secondly, because synergies are lost.
 And it's disjointed when you have a company that designs the train and even brings in a used train and another company that's supposed to upgrade the track, they don't coordinate with each other.
 Ladies and gentlemen, look at the world.
 Where there are serious trains.
 That have been built, built.
 Ultra-modern safe trains in which 3 countries are France, Japan, China, nowhere else in substance.
 In all 3 of these countries.
 The state-of-the-art network.
 Safe at speeds of over 400 km/h.
 It took companies that designed.
 They built both the tracks and the trains.
 Single system.
 No private fragmented system can achieve that and where it broke.
 The good system, which was built like in France and Japan, where it was broken for neoliberal reasons for European Union reasons, in France, Japan and France they were left behind compared to the Chinese system.
 The third reason is that when you break up a network of a public good and put in companies under private initiative, internal disputes within the consortium immediately start with mathematical precision.
 Take for example the fight between Bobbolas' Aktor at the time and Alstom or the same consortium.
 This is the result of break-up and privatisation.
 And finally, when he saw that privatization of a public good, which is public even after privatization, to the extent that there are so-called externalities, that is, every passenger who gets on a train.
 Helps to decongest the road network.
 This is a social benefit which you do not measure when you treat rail as a different market from motorways.
 And so you fall at the mercy of collusion between mafia big bankers like Goldman Sachs.
 Remember the tolls that were sold under Simitis and with the toll motorway oligarchs, in other words, terna on one side and actor on the other.
 It is the crows who create conditions of virtual plunder of the public good, which transport, not only railways, but.
 The motorway.
 Ladies and gentlemen of the new democracy.
 On this sad day.
 We hide even more because we have a government that doesn't care.
 The truth is only interested in the cover-up through hollow commissions.
 Is it possible that you appointed a three-member committee at will, in which you even put the man to whom you had given the order to break up and privatise OSE?
 The wolf guarding the sheep.
 Hollow committees on the one hand for the cover-up and brutal repression in the streets and squares the day before yesterday Your hoodlum deltas ran over 4 5 lawyers of the alternative lawyers movement with their motorbikes.
 Rabid riot police were hitting our block and I'm sure other blocks.
 Yes, it is true a rain saves you, but it will not be your chemical rain.
 Proof why you don't care about the truth.
 In this mourning in this death.
 The same triptych of destruction, devaluation of the public sector, breaking up of the public network and privatisation of parts of it is being applied here in Parliament today.
 You do it on water, you dare to bring a bill that gives Rae says regulation of the water market.
 You have written on your old shoes, even the civil state, even the Council of State.
 You insist on privatizing water as if we don't know that where water has been privatized, failure and disaster is a given.
 Ask the people of Berlin who were forced to insist on revolution.
 Nationalisation of the.
 And it's not just the water you make.
 Aren't you a little ashamed.
 Aren't you a little ashamed of caring for children with cancer.
 Transfer in this climate to Marianna Vardinoyannis Elpida, the Department of Paediatric Haematology and Oncology, the Bone Marrow Transplant Unit of the General Children's Hospital.
 And the oncology department from the Children's General Hospital.
 Sunday changes.
 What you did with the PPC, what you are doing with the OSE, what you are doing with the water, you are slaughtering everything, butchering everything for your bosses.
 On the other hand.
 Officers, we don't have an official opposition and you Syriza people are now sitting there and focusing and you're not a little bit ashamed of which stationmaster is your own.
 Nothing new, of course, because you embraced the new democracy, you voted for the third and fourth memorandum, so.
 As now in these three and a half years of this parliamentary term.
 Together with them you gave the Greek to Latchi, the shipyards, the skerries, the train.
 We didn't expect anything different.
 As you set up that night of the referendum in the new democracy, calling illusions all those things that today the citizens out there have understood that not only are not illusions, but are prerequisites for a viable country.
 For divestment of the goals from Greece, abolition of Hercules and the Energy Exchange, renationalization and immediate socialization of the Public Power Corporation, water, trains, health care.
 Even now, Mr.Tzanakopoulos, I see you here, you are going to apologise for the privatisation of the trains.
 You will apologise even on the basis that you have given in to the Troika.
 Say it in practice and at the same time denounce not only the Troika but also the motorway cartels that go hand in hand with Ephes, Alstom and Aktor.
 We are Christians to be transparent to the Greek people.
 We don't talk about rupture because we like the idea because we want conflict with anybody.
 We talk about rupture because rupture is a prerequisite for those who are not NO.
 Not only are they not illusions, but they are the demand of our time.
 Demand of the new generation out there.
 Drain the fund, I will say again once again abolish Hercules, abolish the energy exchange, renationalize and direct socialization of water supply, strengthen public health and public education.
 In conclusion, ladies and gentlemen of the government.
 Have you understood.
 I don't know.
 I think you don't understand that people out there, especially young people.
 They demand accountability.
 You think you're cleaning up with the resignation of a minister.
 Who will run in the next elections now.
 Within a few weeks.
 They are sick and tired of people, especially the youth and out and out cover up of interests and scapegoating of the working stewards scapegoating any passers by whoever you can scrounge up to not hold the guilty accountable.
 There's been a lot going on in this country all this time.
 Where to start with ricomex.
 The shamina.
 The Peloponnese on fire in 2007, Matti, North Evia, Attiki Odos.
 The truth is, it's not the fault of the Troika and all that, it was just a bad climate.
 The troika came and gave up, the cup overflowed.
   Fortunately though I repeat, that's fine out there defending, you'll hit them again.
 With your mats and your deltoids, there's no doubt.
 It is in your nature.
   As it is your nature to do your best to keep young people from voting.
 We have tabled an amendment.
 The amendment which will allow young people working as hotel employees in the middle of the summer to vote at their place of work.
 Please the Kukué and SYRIZA if you want to support this amendment, you don't think about it because you want young people not to vote, because you know that you will be blackballed as you deserve.
 But ladies and gentlemen of the new democracy.
 Whenever you hold the election.
 From as many young people and as many as you deprive of the right to vote we will be there.
 Day 25 other democratic forces, so that the ballot boxes express popular sentiment.
 No tolerance for the ongoing oligarchic crime.
 Not in season, because abstinence means tolerance.
 Of wood not of wood.
 So neither protest, nor anger, nor condemnation.
 Recorded at the polls.
 This is our debt to future generations, to democracy, to a sustainable Greece.
 Thank you.
 Gal.
 And I thank you, Mr. President.
