Thank you, my patriots, Chaniots, neo-democrats of Crete.
I repay you for the great love you show me today.
I expected, of course, that there would be many of us in our old harbour, but I did not imagine that even that would seem small compared to today's impressive gathering.
You know well that it is from here, from my roots, that I always draw strength.
Your enthusiasm becomes my courage and it is the spirit of Crete that arms me with optimism to make a better tomorrow for our generation and the next one.
Friends, I did not choose to be on our island on this day by chance.
It is an important day, as earlier I met with the President of the Republic, launching the dissolution of the Parliament and the announcement of elections on May 21.
Elections that we will win, that New Democracy will win.
In other words, completing our first four years, as I had committed myself from the beginning, so that we can prove, in this way, that we mean what we say.
As our work shows, we are trying to put into practice what we agree with the citizens.
So as of now, as of today, as I speak to you, the Presidential Decree of dissolution is being deposited in Parliament.
Our electoral journey officially begins, with Chania becoming the starting point of a course that will determine the entire future of the country.
I could not, therefore, have started this journey from any other place.
Neither my heart nor my mind would leave me.
But I'm sure that's what Konstantinos Mitsotakis would want.
But also Marika Mitsotaki, who, believe me, I feel them among us today, inspiring our struggle with the same, always, passion for Crete and Greece.
Friends, your bright faces, your smiles, your flags mean a lot to me.
Your voice, especially the voice of our youth, is spreading across the sea from coast to coast in our homeland.
Today the people of Chania are sending their own thunderous message of hope.
A message of confidence, a slogan of victory, so that Constantine and Helen can celebrate in blue.
Blue will not only be blue in Crete, it will be blue all over Greece.
The whole territory.
Because Greece remembers us, has seen us and knows us.
He does not want a second time in misfortune but gives a second command to progress.
And it is true, friends, that for four years together we have been through and overcome a lot.
From the hybrid attack in Evros and the migrant incursions to the constant threats.
And from the pandemic waves to the war in Ukraine, its chain effects, the international energy crisis, the imported revaluations.
Friends, no government since the post-war period has faced so many obstacles and so many adverse conditions in such a short period of time.
And yet, we overcame them all.
And we have turned these difficulties, citizens and state, into successes.
Our borders remained impregnable.
And with a gigantic programme of more than 50 billion, households, businesses and jobs were supported.
I am sure that all the businesses of Chania are well aware of the support we have given them during these difficult years.
Government again depends on all and sundry.
But Greek society will trust us again.
He will trust us, friends, because first and foremost we have kept our election commitments.
When I spoke again here in Chania, before the July 19 elections, let me remind you a little bit of what I had committed to.
What I told you we want to do.
I told you that I want to reduce taxes and contributions, to boost the income of Greeks, to secure our borders, to unite society, and to upgrade Greece abroad.
So the question is: did we do all this?
The answer is: yes, we did.
Citizens were relieved of fifty taxes, insurance contributions were reduced by four points.
All of you are now paying 35% less ENVAT, above our election commitment.
The personal tax rate fell from 22% to 9%.
The solidarity contribution was abolished and the parental benefit tax was abolished so that today you, parents, grandparents, can pass on your life to your children and grandchildren for free.
We have lightened the shoulders of citizens and the backs of businesses with a burden of 7 billion.
This year, some 1.6 million pensioners saw increases of close to 8% for the first time in 12 years.
And those who are wronged, since you mentioned Mr.
Katrougalos, those who are still wronged by the personal difference Katrougalos were supported with 200-300 euros.
I pledge that we will continue to support these pensioners until the Katrougalos personal difference is finally erased.
And not only.
The basic salary, we received it at 650 euros.
Where are they today?
At 780 euros.
At the same time that 300,000 new jobs were created in our country.
Investment and exports are at record levels.
It is also something that you know, we know it well here in Crete: tourism and its revenues are going from good to better and this year will be another record year for tourism in Crete.
So the Greece of 2023 is nothing like the Greece of 2015-2019.
Then we had closed banks, zero growth.
On the contrary, today the country is growing at three times the rate of Europe.
Our investments exceed 15 billion a year.
The Greek economy came out of surveillance, it was upgraded 12 times.
It is one step away from the investment grade, from cheaper lending for businesses and households, and just yesterday, Eurostat announced that 2022 ended for our country with a primary surplus against a forecast for a deficit, a small one, but a surplus.
We exceeded expectations.
The economy is doing better than what we had estimated.
It is a dynamic that becomes larger in relation to public debt.
Down 23 points.
23 points relative to GDP.
It is the largest reduction across Europe.
And all this tangible data is what makes me confidently say that if the citizens trust us and the elections result in a strong government of the New Democracy, I can guarantee you - and here in Chania - that we will have an investment grade before the end of 2023.
This means a new cycle of opportunities for the country.
A cycle of opportunities, the prologue of which Crete is already experiencing.
Because despite the successive storms we have faced, look at the progress we have made here on our island.
Nothing in our country can please us but the top, but no one doubts how much Crete's GDP has increased, how many investment projects have been approved, more than 1 billion euros in investment projects, and how much more than 1 billion euros in investment projects have been approved.
, many of them in Chania.
For every business that closes down, here in Crete, three open up.
Here in Chania alone we have created 4,000 new jobs.
And, of course, a word about our primary sector.
Farmers and livestock farmers across the country have been supported with tax cuts and targeted aid of more than €2 billion.
euro.
Reduced VAT on fertilisers and animal feed, refund of the special tax on oil, suspension of the business tax.
Here in Crete alone, we have spent more than 130 million.
The transport equivalent has been paid, and by 10 May, compensation for crop damage will be paid throughout the country.
But, listen.
Nikos Kazantzakis wrote, "Lies are an anandry".
That is why I am here not for promises, but for words, few and good, which are translated into action.
You will not hear lies from me.
Why, what did I tell you here about our Crete, about the major projects that we are launching, four years ago?
Motorways of the Sea, ports, airports, safe transport and boosting tourism.
Irrigation projects to support production and our villages.
And thirdly, culture and greenery for a better life in our cities.
So I look you in the eye and I answer you: On the Northern Road Axis, the first section has already started and tomorrow the contract for the second section is being signed, to put machinery on the Hersonissos - Neapolis section.
Immediately afterwards we will have the final offers for the big part, the concession contract from Heraklion to Chania and up to Kissamos.
I will repeat what I have told you: I will deliver to Crete a state-of-the-art motorway from Kissamos to Sitia.
We designed the BOAK, we financed it, we started it and we will finish it.
At the ports now.
We have construction sites everywhere, from Sfakia and Paleochora, to Agios Nikolaos, Sitia, Gavdos.
The new pier at the Souda Naval Station is entering the final stretch.
And, of course, perhaps the biggest development project of Crete, by 2027 - with your help I will be the Prime Minister who will inaugurate it - we will have a new international airport in Kastelli, to increase even more arrivals on the island.
I don't need to say much about irrigation.
The waters of the river Tavronitis that will irrigate crops in Platanias and Kissamos, a new bridge in Keriti.
On culture, today you inaugurated together with the Minister of Culture a new museum in Messara, in Chania, a "jewel" our new museum.
And this was done by the Government of the New Democracy.
Projects to highlight the Minoan palaces, with a very innovative proposal that will soon be submitted to UNESCO.
But, of course, also something that was the ardent desire of Constantine Mitsotakis: our mountains and especially the White Mountains are finally becoming "Apatity Mountains" and are fully protected, so that we can preserve this unique natural wealth that nature has so generously given us.
Take a look at what is happening around us here in Chania.
Projects that exceed 60 million.
The restoration of the municipal market and the listed building that will house the library, to new cycle paths.
The city's swimming pool.
That's where I learned to swim as a kid, that's where I learned to swim.
It was my obligation to reconstruct it.
And earlier, in fact, I visited the "Markopoulou" camp.
It is finally being ceded to the City by decision of this government.
52 acres for a green lung and recreation for all Chanians.
Friends, four years ago some people told us that "the sea has no borders".
And so, more than a million immigrants were ploughing the land.
However, that country, the "untamed vineyard", no longer exists.
Illegal flows are being prevented and in spite of those voices - I will say it again here, from the other side of Greece - the fence on Evros is being extended.
And, in fact, with the seal of Europe, which rejected the wretched Papadimoulis amendment, which called for the defence of the external borders, beware, not to be financed by Community funds.
Let all of us, all of you Greek taxpayers, finance it.
It is the same voices that later told us that defence, supposedly, is not an end in itself, to get their answer.
With what?
24 new Rafale fighters, 86 modernised F-16 Viper fighters.
The first ones are already stationed here at the 115 Battle Wing in Souda.
New helicopters, armor, ammunition.
But also raises for the uniformed services.
Something else very important: the regeneration of our shipyards and the Greek Defence Industry.
Because for us, the non-negotiable condition of economic prosperity is the defence of national sovereignty.
We are not taking a single step back from our national rights.
There is, however, another side to the defence.
And that, of course, is active diplomacy.
We here in Crete know it better.
An important agreement with the United States is being implemented here.
In the Ionian Sea our territorial waters now extend to 12 miles.
And for the first time - look, after many words, many discussions - we are exploring southwest of Crete for our natural resources.
For the first time, we are conducting serious seismic surveys to identify hydrocarbons southwest of Crete.
And, of course, we are the ones who have proved that we can resolve our differences with our neighbours by defining maritime zones with Egypt.
Has everything therefore been perfect in these four years?
No, I'll answer first.
However, I will honestly add that this government has never invoked the many storms it has managed to give up its objectives.
It would be too easy for me to come here today and say: we have had so much, one crisis after another, I have not had time to implement our election programme.
That didn't happen.
We served our goals, we achieved them.
But on the other hand, I remember, when I was speaking here a little further on, across the harbour, in 2019, I didn't promise you miracles, I'm not a miracle worker, I'm not a magician.
I promised you methodical work and a great effort.
It is an effort that lasts as the Greece we are building, the Greece we envision, has now acquired solid foundations.
He has the first floors ready.
We must now complete the building.
But in order to complete the construction of the Greece we all envision, we need the same commitment to the original plan and the same care to avoid mistakes.
Eleftherios Venizelos used to say that "the great masters make the great mistakes".
And don't forget that the country we want began to be built on a deserted plot of land full of landmines.
See what happened to the National Health System.
Yes, it held up during the pandemic.
Yes, it has more than double the number of ICUs, it has more than 15,000 health workers, more than 1,000 of them in total in Crete.
It has fees increased by 10%.
But our health remains the big patient.
That is why we will allocate 150 million euros just for the modernisation of health structures on our island.
And the same thing happened in education.
I am sure that among us we will have some of the 25,000 appointed teachers in our education system.
The first appointments were made, again after 12 years.
2,500 in Crete alone.
From 62 Model and Experimental schools, we have reached 138.
Our young children are taught a foreign language in kindergarten and soon every Greek classroom, from the 5th grade onwards, will have interactive whiteboards.
36,000 new interactive whiteboards for all our schools.
Funding from the Recovery Fund.
But we know that other changes are needed, especially in vocational education, in our universities, as well as in the state.
Great strides have been made.
Consider that when we came into things the Civil Protection was a dismantled agency.
It was housed, in fact, in a dilapidated building.
See the irony.
If there was an earthquake, the first building to fall would be the Civil Protection building.
Today we have an effective service.
"112" works and saves lives.
gov.gr has more than 1,500 services.
Do you remember your life before?
The queues, the inconveniences, the waste of time for the simplest transaction with the government.
 It's all over.
But we know that the administration still has pockets of anachronism.
This was also evident, unfortunately, in the tragedy in Tempe.
Traps that we can overcome, because there is a "good self" of the public sector.
We say too often, the "bad state" and we criticise it and rightly so.
But I want to remind you that "112" is a state, and so is the EMAK, which was the first to rush to Turkey to help its friend country after the devastating earthquakes.
The state is also the border guards in Evros who are keeping vigil, the police, the ambulance service.
It is also a state that has organized an impeccable vaccination campaign throughout the country.
 The state is also the new EFKA, which now pays out pensions on time.
It is also the state that invited more than 120,000 Greek women to have free mammograms.
This is the state we want and this is the state we will have if the citizens trust us.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Fly up the flags of the New Democracy and our country.
To send from here, from Crete, the message of the great victory.
Friends and friends, I did not and do not intend in such a beautiful, large gathering to bore you with a full account of the government's work.
I don't want to talk about the many projects, about the construction site that we have turned the country into, about the reforms that we have brought, about the fact that this Parliament that is being dissolved today, look, it passed 423 laws.
Keep one thing from our meeting today: consistency of words and deeds.
The guarantee in our new agreement, which tomorrow will become reality and what we are planning will become reality.
But also hold together the essence of our new government programme.
We will have the opportunity to present it in detail on Wednesday.
We will talk about a productive and social Greece, digital and green - environmentally green, because Greece will be blue and Chania will certainly be blue -, fair and strong.
Keep five big priorities.
In 2019 I looked you in the eye and said: I pledge to cut taxes for all and for all.
Today I look you in the eye and I say to you: the next four years will be the four years of better wages for every Greek woman and every Greek man.
We can increase our salaries by 25% in four years and in 2024 it will finally come into force in the public sector, because the salaries of civil servants have been frozen for many years, the new single pay scale.
My purpose is simple.
The total number of workers in Greece must finally and quickly approach the European average.
And in the same way the business tax should and will be erased, as tax compliance will be improved.
Second priority: decent public health.
Which means that the State starts from primary care, from a wide range of screening tests for all citizens, for all the major diseases.
Personal Doctor, digital medical record.
You now know that you can take your exams on your mobile phone.
But more important intervention, full modernisation of the 80 hospitals, especially in the emergency departments, I stress.
All 156 health centres in our country are being modernised with resources from the Recovery Fund.
And 10,000 additional nurses in the National Health System, because that's where we mainly suffer.
A more efficient public sector, with officials recruited through a single competition of the ASEP.
They will work with a digital card, be assessed so that their performance is rewarded.
We want to be able to reward good civil servants and have their weaknesses cured.
Within the next four years, 100% of public sector processes will be digital.
The gov.gr that you have seen is just the beginning.
Fourth priority, because I also see a lot of young people, a lot of young kids here.
Thank you.
I thank our youth, the UNNED, the students of our Polytechnic.
Better housing for youth.
A big challenge for me, apart from the projects we are doing to provide the Polytechnic with student accommodation, with the partnership of the public and private sectors, is to keep in mind the great importance I attach to the "My House" programme.
Do you know what it is for a young man to know now that he can own his house and take out a loan and pay a lower payment than he would have paid if he had rented a house, but in the end the house will stay with him?
10,000 young people will benefit from this programme.
I have committed that once it is exhausted, I will double the funds.
Because our young children need to know that they too can have their own home.
Social consideration: modern apartments can be built on public land, with private funds, so that we do not have real estate that is not used and not used.
And my last commitment, non-negotiable: a strong Greece.
The continuation of our defensive planning.
68 arms projects that are being implemented and a consistent policy on migration, accompanied by parallel European initiatives.
Certainly with our country claiming the position it deserves in the international arena.
With a voice that can be heard everywhere.
From the US Congress and Brussels, to every major European capital.
Friends, neo-democrats from Chania and Crete, I always say that I prefer comparison to confrontation with our opponents.
But there is an opposition to our own dense work and the clear objectives I just mentioned.
Let's see what this opposition is.
Four years of Syriza opposition, four years now, no to everything and yes to nothing.
Look, no to defence agreements, no to national armaments, no to the Evros fence, no to investment, no to tax cuts.
No, also, watch out - and I have a particular sensitivity about this - not on the rights of citizens with disabilities.
On the other hand, yes to lying, sometimes by slandering the country internationally, as Mr.
Tsipras.
With the hypocritical slogan, what is the central slogan of Syriza?
"Justice everywhere".
"Justice everywhere", when next to him is the 13-0 convict in the Special Court, Mr.
Pappa.
And I will not deal with the divisive "Polackism", which is the other face of Mr.
Tsipras.
I want to keep the image of my country high.
I won't bother with the money trees he's discovered again.
45 billion, which can only lead to two possibilities: either a new tax raid, or bankruptcy and a new memorandum.
But to these, Vincent Cornaros has long since replied: 'He who speaks lies, is spoken without a man'.
But I will blame Mr.
Tsipras for two of his choices, made at a different time but, mind you, linked to today.
First, for his unthinkable recent decision to become an exception to the democratic arc by refusing the regulation that protects the Parliament from the disguised criminals of Golden Dawn.
And secondly, for his insidious method of leaving, after having been elected twice, carefully, with enhanced proportional representation, to leave behind the "trap" of simple proportional representation.
These are two moves that were made with the aim of damaging New Democracy.
But both ultimately damage democracy itself.
The one winking at fascism and the other bringing the danger of ungovernability closer.
Threats that we, the liberal democrats of Crete, are the first to understand.
That is why we will not be the first to indulge them.
We will not indulge those who attempt to put our country into new adventures.
How do we do this?
With our vote on 21 May.
Because then we are called upon to answer some simple questions: Are we moving forward or turning back?
Do we want results or a return to lies?
Do we want yesterday with taxes and cuts or do we want tomorrow with better pay?
Do we want a government that will win in the rough and tumble or one that will shipwreck in the rough and tumble?
Do we want a desperate homeland or an armoured homeland?
Do we ultimately want a leader with a voice on the outside or a voiceless guest with a mind at home?
In other words and very simply: Do we want New Democracy with Prime Minister Mitsotakis or do we want Syriza with Prime Minister Tsipras?
This is the central question that citizens will answer on 21 May.
But as simple as the above dilemmas are, the need for stability is equally obvious, friends, as well.
The difficulties we face will not disappear.
And in an uncertain global environment that will become increasingly complex, Greece needs a clear horizon on its path and a clear solution at the top.
All the more so when our opponents have no principles.
Watch out, I'm absolutely convinced, if their numbers allow it, then you know they'll coalesce even if they're defeated.
In fact, they have already started looking for ways to be able to override the popular will.
It is the scenario of "political monstrosity", which I already warned about last September.
Who is she?
I want you to imagine a government of SYRIZA - PASOK - Varoufakis, the same Varoufakis who now says again that he will close the banks again, with Tsipras as Prime Minister and in exchange for the permanent use of proportional representation.
A double objective of their own, but a double disaster for Greece.
A possibility, not very likely, but under certain conditions.
There is only one way to prevent it: A strong New Democracy, a clear victory in the May 21 elections.
But one more thing, the danger of the next day does not only take the form of a "rag-tag" government, but may also take the form of a mismatched partnership, which is the other face of paralysis.
A scheme, to put it differently, whose decisions will be based each time on bargaining or discussions and whose functionality will only be perceived if one makes a simulation in reality.
Just think of such a government on the night of the crisis in Evros.
Think of such a government in the face of major economic choices or at the time of a sudden Turkish challenge.
Well, these are the problems of proportional representation.
Neighbouring Bulgaria is heading for a sixth election.
Watch out, sixth election in two years.
We must prevent these developments.
And that is why the ballot on 21 May is so decisive.
There is no room for frivolity, no room for "uncontested" votes.
This will ultimately determine who will govern.
And the more thunderous its message, the easier the second election will give the winner the power to govern the country properly.
That is why, in five simple words, the decision is only one: Self-empowered Greece, self-empowered New Democracy.
 And it is this prospect of hope that I ask you today to make real with the struggle we are starting.
Explaining to every citizen the much that has been done, the much more that needs to be done, without, for God's sake, jeopardising our conquests, but without compromising our claims.
By listening to the voice of society, by recognising our weaknesses, but also by changing the country, we change with the country.
That's how we become better, that's how we become more experienced.
Having next to us - and this message is of great value in Crete - every citizen who has no party blinkers.
Every citizen who believes in responsible patriotism and creative modernisation.
To a great current of progress that calls for stability, continuity and consistency in our country's growth trajectory.
It is, my friends, an exciting battle.
It is a battle that I start today from my ancestral land.
From you, from your applause, from your smiles I draw strength, I draw confidence for hope and for tomorrow.
Go ahead, Chania, lift from your own waters the great wave of victory that will spread to every corner of our country.
And let the cool wind of the White Mountains carry its message to every corner of our country.
On May 21, all of Crete will be blue, like the sea and the sky.
Just as Greece will be blue.
A Greece that does not turn back, but moves steadily, boldly and only forward.
Thank you for this overwhelming presence.
Hearts and flags up, victory is feminine like Greece, Crete and Democracy.
That is why it will be ours, a victory for all Greek women and all Greeks.
Be well, thank you.
Good race, good strength.
 .
