Friends and friends.
 Your presence today confirms.
 That we are rebuilding, rebuilding a relationship of trust with the Greek people.
 From one end of the country to the other.
 PASOK returned again strong and united to play a leading role in the political life of the country against the elitism of the new democracy and the populism of SYRIZA.
 Democratic Party.
 The party that in the years of post-independence gave struggles for democracy, institutional constitution of strong European infrastructures.
 The party of social justice and national dignity, the party of Andreas Papandreou and here from Kilkis sends a clear message of victory throughout Greece.
 is the party that made steps towards the strong and hard core of the European Union.
 It is the party that made the great reforms.
 Unfortunately lately.
 The Greek people have experienced an unspeakable tragedy.
 A tragedy that shocked all Greek women and all Greeks.
 Could our own children, your own grandchildren be on this fatal train in this tragedy in Tempe?
 A tragedy that proves the inability of the state to protect the basic necessities of security, the prospect.
 Make modern European infrastructure, make good use of European programmes.
 But what are the responsibilities.
 They have learned in recent years The gentlemen of the new democracy, when something good happens it is always by order.
 Mitsotakis.
 When something bad, tragic happens.
 Mitsotakis does not know anything, declares ignorance.
 What is unnecessary price.
 Treats honour to the Prime Minister.
 But I want to tell you what happened before.
 Since a few hours in the Greek Parliament today you are discussing.
 This very serious.
 tragic accident.
 They said they did not know the extent of the problem.
 But let's put things in order.
 The European Railway Agency.
 Conducts rail safety surveys every 2 years across Europe.
 In 2020 and 2022 Greece will officially.
 It has the highest mortality rate.
 On a kilometre basis across the European Union.
 In 2019, in March, before the elections, Mr Mitsotakis himself, at a New Democracy event on the New Democracy programme, was saying and showing the real situation of the network.
 Of course, that didn't stop him from talking about hydrogen trains a few years later that he was going to include them in the Recovery Fund.
 And of course as Mr Tsipras before Mr Mitsotakis was talking about the silver train that they were going to bring to these networks, which could not even guarantee the safety, the basic safety of the citizens.
 The European Commission is coming soon.
 A few weeks before this shocking accident.
 And sends us to the European Court of Justice.
 We had not managed to get the cooperation legislation in place between the rail regulator.
 And ERGOSE.
 And today.
 You have another bomb.
 In a document.
 The National Transparency Authority.
 Which he sent.
 At the Ministry of Transport.
 On 04/10/2021.
 He speaks of criminal inaction in the handling of the 717 contract.
 04/10/2021.
 He went to the Ministry of Mr. Karamanlis.
 The conclusion of the authority.
 The special independent transparency authority.
 And today our MPs are asking him in Parliament and he says he knew nothing.
 So this, dear friends, is not a staff state that guarantees the basics, it is a staff state of audacity and cover-up alone.
 The priority is for the current government not to face up to its responsibilities, but this is not the first time.
 This is the first time this has happened.
 Didn't the same thing happen on the issue of wiretapping.
 Where after decades we suddenly find ourselves in front of phenomena that we believed that Andreas Papandreou's PASOK, the democratic party, would have been closed in the dustbin of history and here we are again facing interceptions and attempts by modern means to imprison me and other people.
 People in very critical positions in the state.
 As are the armed forces.
 What was the Prime Minister's response.
 An alleged apology.
 All in the light.
 Did any of this happen.
 Which is all in light.
 Since last summer when I went to the Supreme Court prosecutor's office.
 It's been many months.
 Whatever you learned, you learned and I learned.
 While the investigations by the independent authorities of Mr Menoudakos and Mr Rammou have already advanced too much evidence to shed light on this case.
 Why is justice moving so slowly.
 Is he waiting for the election to be over.
 For the Greek people to learn about the criminal activity of the state before the elections and to evaluate Mr Mitsotakis and his nephew as they should.
 But.
 He said recently that he is ready.
 To take on the deep state.
 Calling himself a reformer.
 Who is the deep state.
 Deep State It is those who are exploiting the Recovery Fund on clientelistic terms.
 Deep state are those who organize the parastate of eavesdropping from the Maximos building.
 A deep state is one that has a contract.
 9 years without implementation.
 They are aware of the criminal responsibilities of certain agents of the agencies and the ministry and do nothing having the tragic results, as an independent authority says.
 Deep state is appointing your party kids to critical positions in organizations, let's look at the resumes of everyone involved.
 Most of them are executives who supported Mr Mitsotakis, party children of the new democracy.
 You don't see meritocratic choices.
 Not to talk historically about who represents the deep bureaucratic and client state in Greece, Mr Mitsotakis, because we all know each other very well in this country.
 Who are the ones who can tackle this deep state.
 It is the faction.
 Who, as much as they try to charge her.
 Looking for a small amount of PASOK.
 To cast and diffuse blame.
 It is this faction that has brought anything to do with meritocracy in the country.
 For all its faults.
 Because we are ready to take responsibility for all the mistakes made in the past.
 But who created the independent authorities in Greece.
 New Democracy, SYRIZA or PASOK.
 Who made.
 The meritocracy of the ASEP in Greece.
 The new democracy, SYRIZA or PASOK.
 Who built open gov and transparency on the site so we can find out where your resources go and how they use that money.
 The new democracy, SYRIZA or PASOK, not only did not bring them, but they fought them fiercely in the Greek Parliament, discrediting every effort of meritocracy and transparency.
 So the only party that can guarantee a state.
 Which will operate on terms that have above all the citizen and society at the forefront, is this party and its history proves it.
 Its reforms, its quality, its culture of respect for institutions and democracy.
 Because we are the ones who not only created the independent authorities, we respected the independent authorities.
 I want to remind you.
 What happened in the TV licence case.
 When Mr Mitsotakis was saying, what we are saying today.
 I was saying the same things we say today.
 Mr Mitsotakis was talking about SYRIZA.
 And he was saying that this competition is a stock-sharing game of the new democracy.
 What we also believed in strong interests, which he proved with his decision.
 The Special Court, sentencing Mr. Pappas to 13 zeroes.
 Mr Mitsotakis as governor is saying the same things he said then.
 Or does it do the same as SYRIZA did back then.
 What did Syriza do then.
 The judiciary and independent authorities spoke.
 That this effort is at the expense of democracy and transparency.
 The Polakis and all the executives came out and attacked the independent authorities.
 What the new democracy is doing today.
 Once Rammos and Menudako had done their job.
 And they announced to the most official bodies of the European Parliament that there are 300 messages.
 Predator with 100 targets have found companies.
 They were directly targeted by those who until the day before yesterday were defending them.
 So what is our value difference.
 Not only consistency and responsibility.
 It's something more.
 It's respect for institutions, for democratic democracy, even if.
 Sometimes these institutions point to our own officials for responsibility and what do we do then?
 We're doing a cover-up.
 We put them on the ballot papers like Tsipras put Mr Pappas on the ballot papers.
 Or we cover them up, like Mitsotakis, his nephew.
 And the commander of the NSA and Mrs. Vlachou and the owners of these software.
 No.
 We within a few seconds, when the Qatar gate emerged.
 We deleted Mrs Kaili.
 We just came up with an irregularity, an irregularity which is not directly related to the accident with the accident, but an irregularity in a hospital we removed from our ballot.
 The doctor who committed the irregularity.
 What the New Democracy is doing with SYRIZA.
 New Democracy with SYRIZA.
 And let's start with SYRIZA.
 It has the slogan justice everywhere.
 Justice for all of us.
 But for them, when justice speaks.
 It's bad justice, justice for us, but for them.
 Cover-up for their best friends.
 And they even had the nerve to say, "I'm taken," he says, "I'm from New Democracy.
 That's why, he says, I'm not raising the issue of wiretapping.
 What else to do at the European Court of Human Rights.
 I went to.
 I went to the Greek justice system.
 We had a committee of inquiry in the European Parliament and the same in the Greek Parliament.
 What they did.
 Is it the same as the New Democracy.
 Mr Mitsotakis.
 Who is a liberal, that's how he wants to be presented to the Greek public opinion.
 What kind of liberalism it represents.
 Liberalism that is capable of doing anything even to expose Greece irreparably.
 When the European institutions ask the Rights Committee to come to the country to talk to the ministers, to the secretariats general, to civil society.
 And we have the ambassador in Brussels send a letter, don't come.
 Because we have a three-day mourning period.
 And he replies, the Commission says, the three-day mourning period is over, since it's next week.
 And after a while Mr. Gerapetritis sends them a new letter and says whenever you come you will not see any of us.
 What other country does this.
 France, Germany, Spain, Portugal, France, Germany and Spain.
 Only Kaczynski's Poland has the tools and the behaviour of the Mitsotakis government, but Greece is a country that fought for democracy and this party is the guarantor of the institutions of transparency and we will stand in the way of any attempt to expose our country internationally by this government.
 And they have the nerve to tell us who you're going with.
 What it is, who we will go with, with our principles, with our values, with our history and with our programme.
 His program wants to make Greece a normal European country, a country of perspective for the new generations, a country that will stop the brain-drain of thousands of Greek children from all over Greece going abroad, seeing no hope in the country.
 This is the agony of the democratic party and not the agony of power.
 Who instrumentalizes everything is ready to sell everything for a chair of power.
 So that's why here from Kilkis.
 We are setting, building a strong programme that will turn Greece around.
 This is our fight in the next national elections and the dilemma is clear.
 Dear friends.
 It is not Tsipras or Mitsotakis.
 The dilemma is.
 Or a state prey to the hands of the rulers of the day.
 Or a state.
 Guarantor of the public interest with a strong mandate from the Greek people.
 I guarantee that we will build a state.
 A guarantor of the public interest, which will be transparent, meritocratic, respectful of the taxes of the Greek people, utilizing European programs, the Recovery Fund will create modern infrastructure.
 The public sector will have evaluation, meritocracy and the private sector and powerful interests will operate by rules.
 There will be justice and not when you are strong always find your right even when you are wrong.
 But when you're powerless.
 Trying to find your right, but most of the time being lost.
 This country does not deserve the Greek people.
 This state is not the state we aspire to, the state of the twenty-first century.
 And that's the problem.
 An expensive state with expensive services but of very poor quality and this was proven in the crime of Tempe.
 Why we need to be honest.
 How it was found.
 Alone.
 A stationmaster.
 When there should have been others with him.
 How a 58 year old man was transferred.
 When the age limit is 48.
 And then after the holiday they tried to bring in another amendment to try to fix it.
 How is it possible to have a privatisation.
 In which Mr Tsipras said before he became prime minister that the 300 million was a sell-out.
 But to be elected Prime Minister and to be paid only 45 million, but to be a great success and even to endow the Italians with 250 million euros for the barren lines.
 And what did the Italians do.
 What the Italians did.
 They didn't know what tracks their trains were running on.
 It is a successful privatisation.
 What rules mean.
 When you make a mistake.
 A privatisation mistake.
 That didn't go well.
 You don't put your hands up.
 You don't say I'll negotiate with the same people again.
 With whom with whom Mr Tsipras will renegotiate when he himself signed this purchase and sale, this privatisation.
 We say something else clean.
 When a privatisation goes wrong.
 There is a transitional privatization looking for a new strategic investor to get a proper railway network in Greece, because it cannot in the twenty-first century.
 To say I'm leaving lignite to go to clean energy, because I have to go green.
 Low emission pollutants in energy production and transport, but the most environmentally friendly means of transport, the train, to be devalued by your choices.
 So we have to find another strategic investor, this particular company, which didn't have the best name, failed miserably.
 Rail regulator did its job.
 The gentlemen of SYRIZA appointed their party children.
 People who didn't know what a train was.
 We are talking about a rail regulator to European standards that will be staffed by an international competition and I want to make a.
 Footnote.
 We are not tired of elections.
 And after the elections, the whole state is torn apart.
 And to have people come without any parchment, only their party identity.
 Getting fat salaries.
 And all they do is favors.
 Where else is this happening.
 But New Democracy and SYRIZA are unrepentant and.
 is an international competition to bring the best Greeks from inside and outside Greece to staff the state and not only the state.
 Their term of office will be beyond any electoral cycle, so that they don't feel blackmailed by the leadership of the day that once we get out we will tear down.
 This is the meritocracy that I am committed to building after the next national elections.
 For the good of all generations of Greeks.
 Friends and friends.
 This tragedy.
 Put our children and your grandchildren on the street.
 Saying so here.
 We can't go on and on and on.
 It can't go on.
 A decline, while we have had a huge adventure as a country.
 It is unthinkable.
 To have such an experience in the last decade with so many problems with red loans, with huge taxes.
 And not to try to change things.
 What do these kids want.
 Why they will go out is just jobs.
 It's only the salaries.
 Because those who leave.
 They do not think of returning easily.
 These are the same kids who are graduating from Greek universities.
 That's what some people devalue.
 Of these universities, they manage in Germany, in France, in Belgium.
 To make worthy Employed Highly paid researchers from these universities.
 What is it that goes wrong here.
 What goes wrong.
 It is the opacity.
 It is that.
 Many opportunities are for the few.
 And what is Europe doing about them.
 I hear some people say "But what is Europe doing today?
 I met with the President of S5.
 And I had a long talk with their delegation.
 What's wrong with our country.
 And what good is happening elsewhere that we should emulate.
 Not with a logic.
 Far from our own national interests, but precisely in order to have a patriotic economic programme, we are a country in danger of de-Africanisation.
 So let's put them in order.
 The first issue is private debt.
 We have a serious policy on private debt.
 We have a private debt policy that embraces the anxieties of Greeks.
 Stubbornness, says Mr Tsipras.
 Don't pay I'm coming.
 And after a few years 2 years he handed over by law the red loans to the crows of the funds and now he is crying crocodile tears to get a vote from the murky waters.
 Mr Mitsotakis.
 He said it would solve the problem.
 On his government.
 The cycle of the Katseli law, the PASOK law of 2010, which protected the first home, has come full circle.
 So we feel the anguish of the Greek people, we feel what we call a second chance of dignity for all Greeks who fought honestly.
 And they were not strategic defaulters for many years, but they did not withstand the financial crisis and we must embrace them and give them merit-based terms, with criteria of the time, with transparency.
 A second chance at dignity.
 How this translates First of all.
 The day before yesterday in Heraklion we analysed our proposal for a new law for the protection of the first home.
 Which will take into account how much of the loan.
 You've paid you back.
 When you stopped paying the cost of your mortgage and of course the cost of your house.
 To get in the way of any case of a Greek at risk of losing his first home while trying to keep it and keep his mortgage alive.
 Second.
 It's farmland.
 Universal precaution on agricultural land.
 It is unthinkable that a country with such small clergy.
 To risk losing anyone's farmland long-term arrangements.
 120 instalments for EFKA and tax authorities for all.
 And as long as it is observed.
 The regulation until the end and a reduction in the initial amount of 30%.
 For those who.
 Our fellow citizens took a Swiss loan.
 Which are now at risk because the interest rate has increased too much due to the exchange rate change.
 We propose that 1/3 of the exchange rate change, as translated into the interest rate, should be borne by the banks themselves and 2/3 by the banks and we say this because there was experience of the Swiss yen, but they did nothing to inform and protect the borrowers.
 These proposals are proposals, because we want to make a policy that will give breath to the real economy.
 Liquidity.
 Why banks give liquidity to the market.
 Because they have other priorities.
 Greece is the country with the largest difference between deposit and mortgage rates.
 Is it possible that a country where we have given billions to support the banks allows the government, instead of threatening to tax the excess profits of the banks, to have the largest difference between the interest rate on deposits and mortgages?
 This disregards the efforts made by the Greek people.
 Is it also possible that the European Union wants to support and say, take 32 billion from the Recovery Fund, 20 billion in subsidies, 11 billion in loans.
 And while other governments make a special funding body.
 And they are giving the Recovery Fund loans, not by market criteria, because by market criteria those who were borrowing before are borrowing now at a lower interest rate.
 I said the figures in Heraklion 68 companies have taken a huge percentage from the Recovery Fund with 1.1 and 1.2 interest rate.
 But Europe didn't give them that money.
 Gifts for SMEs at risk of closure.
 He gave them to incentivise mergers and partnerships on the basis of jobs, on the basis of digital convergence.
 Where did that money go?
 Because the new democracy, Mr Mitsotakis gave the banks the opportunity to plan the country's development in the coming years.
 We did not learn what happened in 2009 these banks.
 Their managements were not the ones who were giving loans to people who had no investment strategy.
 We should not put another framework for the development of the country.
 I'm afraid dear friends.
 That the Recovery Fund.
 It's another missed opportunity.
 And it's not just the loans that went to the banks.
 We have to change our strategy and the state has to be the guarantor that there will be a development framework and we have a comprehensive plan that simply makes this money.
 Setting the scene for a new development strategy based on tourism cooperation.
 Primary sector and manufacturing.
 Our vision is the Greece of extroversion.
 It is Greece that is standing in the way of infantilization, of the takeover of our property by the crows whose only interest is to speculate within a few weeks.
 Who has negotiated with a fund.
 To understand what's going on, the fund is interested if you have a business with 100 employees and if in the future that business can have 200 employees.
 Or is it interested in the 10 out of 100 that he got by blackmailing you unconditionally with a gun to his head to make a 20% profit?
 To them we leave the development of the country if possible.
 Is this a patriotic attitude.
 Our plan speaks to us about a country.
 Which gives prospects for extroversion, for development in patriotic economic terms.
 And the most measurable figure is well-paid jobs.
 That's why we say the synergy of primary manufacturing and tourism.
 I can't say that in Greece 20 and 25 million people.
 And while they could taste our very good wine, the wine of Goumenissa, most of them and many wines from all over Greece could not taste Greek products.
 How Portugal manages it.
 Spain and these people are not consumers.
 Only one week of 10 days, but the ambassadors of our country's products all the other months looking for them on their shelves, in Germany, England and other countries.
 So why can the others and we can't.
 Why some people are looking for short-term profit.
 We are not looking neither for ephemeral power nor for ephemeral profit.
 We are looking at the interests of the Greek people, with the aim that your children stay in Greece, that they create with dignity, with perspective, to have a strong Greece and not a Greece that will decline.
 A Greece that will decline within the European Union.
 The Recovery Fund.
 What else was the Recovery Fund.
 Why they gave us 20 billion.
 So.
 To make it a small NSF to distribute it to small workers, not of course.
 There are norms.
 Health, digital convergence, green transition.
 On trains, the greenest means of transport, you have given very little when the Italians have given billions and other Europeans who do not have similar networks in Germany and France.
 Here to the farmers and farmers what we gave.
 What other countries have done to the farmers and ranchers.
 We said.
 We don't want lignite, we don't want nuclear energy.
 Then renewable energy sources.
 Where does the Recovery Fund guarantee that investments will be made.
 They will not go to the 5 big construction companies.
 We will build a highly interconnected network that will connect Greece with each other and between third countries from Africa and the European Union.
 And it will then make energy communities of farmers, livestock producers, processors, so that our producers produce the electricity they consume and as much as they don't consume, they sell it back to the grid.
 Because others are doing it and we didn't do it, because we had priority.
 The Lords of the New Republic August 12, not to build the Recovery Fund strong grid to make hundreds of energy communities into community municipalities and producers, but had priority August 12 what was left of the grid in the interconnection area.
 Give it only to the powerful.
 This is the Greece of social justice, not social justice.
 This is the Greece that prioritizes the political system to get along with the domestic oligarchy.
 So, we are planning a just green transition, so that the big urban centres of Athens and Thessaloniki know that our priority is that the poor Greek people should not be led again to energy impoverishment through rising energy prices.
 And so to put photovoltaics on the roofs as a priority we say in the Greek region, in every city, in every village all the parks to be done on social terms, so that people can get cheap electricity.
 We are not a country that has a rich sun.
 Rich sea.
 So why don't we use all these technologies for the benefit of the many, but use them for the benefit of the few?
 recovery fund was made for another reason, also important.
 The health.
 We PASOK.
 They made him and he's his child.
 The greatest guarantor against human inequalities.
 The national health system with George Gennimata and Paraskevas Avgerinos, but this health system.
 They are now in a tragic situation clapping for doctors and health workers, but no financial incentives from the new democracy clapping, but no permanent jobs.
 What they did with the Recovery Fund.
 It's not our money They gave it to us They gave it to us They gave it to us for free It was 20 billion.
 It is not new debt.
 They were telling us before the pandemic we have no money to support the NHS well now you have taken our money, Europe gave it to us what have you done with it.
 8% of Portugal's own recovery fund for its national health system 11 100 for Italy's own national health system.
 Greece 4 of which 2% is the energy upgrade of buildings, so for technology, for doctors, for real services of the national health system 2 out of 100 these are the priorities of Mr Mitsotakis.
 So we say to the Greek people.
 That this child of PASOK.
 Which we need to rebuild and regenerate for a real national health system and not the one we have today.
 Being third in private spending across Europe, in health care we are passed only by Bulgaria and Lithuania.
 The biggest part of the cost of living.
 So we say.
 Strong primary health care everywhere.
 What was proven in the pandemic.
 All the covid waves were going to the hospitals and as a result.
 Other people with serious illnesses not getting the services they needed.
 That is became pandemic mind, we did not put us gives us the Recovery Fund, we do not use it.
 So what are we waiting for.
 To arrive at a country of huge inequalities.
 Where health and education will be very expensive private arms of speculation.
 And not tools of public, interest and social policy, as we did in the 80s.
 So that's why we're talking about a national health system that will give incentives for the specialties that have shortages and the surgeries are constantly getting transfers.
 Strong primary health care everywhere and of course.
 Financial incentives for our doctors.
 And all our financial and our doctors, who are constantly going abroad.
 All young doctors are now leaving abroad for financial reasons of low NHS salaries.
 What we will do.
 We should not change that.
 Also Recovery Fund.
 Recovery Fund.
 For digital convergence is not about throwing money and making fun of each other.
 We heard Mr Mitsotakis go to Tokyo.
 And he says they are jealous of us says The Japanese want the Japanese to imitate the digital convergence of Greece.
 They want the Japanese to imitate a country that has the priority of watching political opponents, but not two trains and can deal with this criminal tragedy that happened in Tempe.
 But of course, who's going to tell them all this.
 The media.
 Who only have the priority to caress Mr Mitsotakis.
 And try to hide his tragic responsibilities.
 You know.
 I'm trying with this particular speech.
 To show another way, but this way is not a way of compromise.
 It is a road of conflict.
 And if some people think there will be national elections.
 And then a coalition government will be formed to become prime ministers.
 They probably don't know what the current and new era of PASOK.
 PASOK will get a strong mandate.
 Making only programmatic agreements and without persons who have consistently undermined the public interest at the expense of the Greek people.
 I do not forget and none of us forgets that when Karamanlis bankrupted Greece, this party kept Greece standing and did not play games on the backs of the Greek people.
 The games of others and easy solutions.
 Mr Tsipras said he knew an easy way.
 We're doing well, I'm tearing up the memoranda so we don't have any problems.
 And today.
 He goes to where houses are being auctioned and says we should help you, but you're the one responsible for the crows entering Greece and of course Mr Mitsotakis.
 Who wants to change Greece.
 He wants to help Greece.
 But he hasn't said a word about Mr. Georgiou.
 Do you remember, Mr. Georgiou.
 I have one thing in common with Mr. Georgiou, we have both been to the European Court of Human Rights and I hope that we will be vindicated like Mr. Georgiou, to send a message that we will not tolerate regime attitudes.
 So Mr Georgiou.
 It is the man.
 Who told the truth.
 And instead of paying those who bankrupted Greece, Georgiou went to pay.
 You know.
 They have learned to assassinate the character of the messenger.
 But Georgiou was vindicated.
 And you can be sure that we will be vindicated because we are fighting for the stage and consistency because we want Greece to change and become a normal European state that respects human rights, where justice will function normally and where there is the rule of law for all Greeks.
 So I didn't see these two unrepentant Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis say a word about Georgiou, proving that their priority is not to change the country, their priority is to say and do.
 Everything that can be done to get them back in the prime minister's chair.
 But.
 The position of the Prime Minister is very critical in a Prime Minister-centric system.
 Which also needs to change in the future.
 There are serious counterweights to the functioning of our democracy.
 And what I mean.
 When he picks up the phone.
 A powerful factor of a party.
 Like Mr Demetriades.
 And he calls the commander of the NSA and says to him.
 Watch them.
 The state that we envision to make its commander in chief says No, sir.
 Do your job and we'll do ours.
 When he picks up the phone.
 The right hand of Mr Tsipras.
 And he says, give out the licenses so that we can accommodate our own businessmen and gain influence in the media, and the state says to him.
 Your job, you and our job.
 When the New Democracy MP picks up the phone and says.
 Put this stationmaster in a position to have the state tell him your job, you and our job.
 When we build such a state, you can be sure that we will have a Greece of dignity and pride and this Greece.
 We envision building as modern social democrats as true patriots, because there is nothing more patriotic than building such a state.
 Friends and friends.
 In closing I want to say a word about the minimum wage.
 Because.
 There was a very long discussion.
 Workers in recent years.
 They have found themselves in a very, very difficult position.
 So this must be the last time the state has set the minimum wage.
 And the minimum wage with the next government to be the product of an agreement between the social partners through the national general collective labour agreement and of course.
 And of course we have a duty to liberalise the three-year contracts, so that minimum wage earners can progress in terms of wages so that we can have regular wages in the country so that they can live with dignity for their families.
 So here from Kilkis I want to ask you a big favor.
 A few weeks left.
 Before the great crisis of the Greek people.
 This race.
 We can only give him together.
 Each and every one individually and all together.
 The together.
 It is the collective expression of a people who after 10 years.
 Of a difficult adventure.
 He often turns his back on the collective.
 We have a duty to overturn it.
 We have a debt.
 To make the Greek people believe in a new patriotic collective and this is our programme and our plan.
 We have a second debt even bigger.
 To make young people, young children, pupils, students, believe in politics again.
 As you believed in 1974, back then.
 That a movement.
 When a movement.
 Baptized Lao born.
 He took over the fate of the country.
 Building the real post-opening.
 Born on 03/09/74.
 With priority.
 The need for national reconciliation.
 National dignity after the Cypriot tragedy.
 Social justice after decades of post-civil war state.
 This movement must stand up again.
 And to become a social political, ideological current, making people believe in politics again.
 Because we are not all the same.
 We are not all the same, but this cannot be just talk.
 It must be a daily action, culture, behaviour.
 We need to contract people.
 Trying to make politics a profession.
 And not a decades-old profession.
 So that's why.
 The message is clear, I don't expect anything from the powerful because I have nothing to offer to the powerful.
 I expect a lot from you, because together we can succeed and build a modern country, a European country, a country of a strong deterrent power in the South-Eastern Mediterranean, a country where no one can harm its national interests, a country with modern European infrastructure, a country with a strong social state of health and education, without inequalities, with many opportunities for the next generations, a country with a strong social state of health and education, a country with many opportunities for the next generations.
 That makes hope a reality again and that is why I call you to a strong daily struggle, a few days left, a few weeks left, so that on the night of the national elections we, from the winners' shore, send a clear message of change to the losers of the right and SYRIZA.
 This is PASOK.
 We aspire to make this a strong democratic party that will bring back social justice and national dignity, good power and good fight.
 Take the effort into your own hands, together we will be winners.
 Be well our good race be well.
 .
