Thank you, Madam President.
 We are entering the final stretch before the dissolution of this House.
 At a time when the whole world, not only here, in Greece everywhere.
 He lives under a state of great anxiety.
 Hearing about the evolving banking crisis.
 See.
 On the one hand inflation and on the other hand stagnation threatening the future.
 And they put the question to the government.
 How is it going and out comes Mr Staikouras, I heard him yesterday and he talked about a shielded economy and banks that are absolutely safe.
 Like it hasn't been 15 years, not 15, 15 days since.
 Crisis referee rots the 2007 crisis indicators 8 then another New Democracy government was talking about a shielded Greece and safe banks.
 People out there I guess that goes for you too.
 Ladies and gentlemen of the government it is certainly true for us they come and ask us, we have a new 2008 ahead of us with the banking crisis, with the dominoes falling.
 Ladies and Gentlemen.
 I don't know if you've noticed, but today things are worse than in 2008.
 Not only for Greece, for this capitalist global rot we won't talk about crisis anymore.
 I think we should be talking about sepsis.
 In 2008, the banks.
 Hail Minister, in 2008 the banks, as they were collapsing, it was already revealed why they were collapsing, there was blatant fraud not only in Lehman Brothers, but in the entire banking sector and in the United States, Germany, France, the United Kingdom.
 There was predatory lending, so-called predatory lending, i.e. there was a mafia-like collusion between Moody's, Moody's.
 So-called rating agencies and bankers, who were essentially trying to sell seaweed for silk ribbons to their clients.
 There was a rash of control mechanisms.
 And you could say neither for all these reasons we had the banking collapse, the rot of 2008.
 Today.
 Yes, indeed, if you look at the books a little bit, the accounting of Silicon Valley Bank, which was the first domino to go that fell.
 Yes, there was a foolishness, a foolish strategy.
 The bank had taken a very high risk in terms of interest rates and at the same time relied on uninsured depositors with much more money than they were insured.
 Yes, Credit Suisse has a history of trading and entanglement with criminals with crooks, with corrupt politicians.
 But.
 Unlike in 2008.
 Today we don't have the widespread fraud that we had in 2008, we don't have.
 Serious violations of the new rules, whether it was Credit Suisse Gold or the Greek banks, supposed to have a sufficient capitalization under the rules that they supposedly tightened.
 They became much more demanding about bankers after the 2008 disaster.
 The central banks are fully aware of the model, the buisness model, the model by which all these banks are operating which are collapsing today.
 Then why didn't they do something to prevent this collapse example of Credit Swiss.
 Because.
 The operating model that is now collapsing not only in Switzerland and the United States, but in the whole of Europe, was born by the central banks themselves.
 Together with the states and governments since 2008.
 In the effort.
 G7 governments and central banks.
 Bail out the bankers and the banks together.
 They used this two-pronged strategy that we call day 25 socialism for the bankers.
 35 trillion dollars printed to bail out the banks.
 If it's not this earthquake for bankers, I don't know what else to call it, and at the same time austerity for most of the citizens in most states, which of course results in a compression of active demand, a compression of investment.
 Combination of low investment, huge liquidity.
 Negative interest rates, poisoning of money.
 What does poisoned by money and minister mean that since 2009 this combination of this mix of policies.
 Basically it has brought us to a situation, it has brought capitalism to a situation where there is no longer an interest rate from 2009 to today, a number 3.6% 2.8%4.3.
 There is no one number that simultaneously ensures price stability and banking system stability, whether it is.
 More than what banking system stability requires, or less than or below what price stability requires.
 The bankers certainly know this and they know.
 By laughing at you in government, not only here in Greece, but also in the United States in Switzerland, they know that you will rescue them.
 That the rulers finally.
 It's up to them and you see that.
 Credit Swiss was a clear bailout.
 10 billion was put by the state out of its own pocket and another 108 billion.
 The Central Bank.
 The same happens in the United States.
 The same will happen in Germany and France tomorrow and the day after tomorrow.
 And you, Mr. Staikoura.
 You guys come out and say it's shielded in their banks.
 It wasn't Credit Swiss, it's Piraeus.
 The banks, not only the Greek banks.
 All of the euro area.
 They are designed on the basis of a model.
 Which makes them by design unsafe and the banking system not only of Greece, but also of a prosperous Switzerland.
 It is incapable of operating under market rules.
 The Swiss have a state which had the ability to bail out a Credit Swiss you have no ability to bail out anything.
 The only way.
 To keep the deposits of Greek depositors safe is through the European Central Bank and through Brussels, the European Central Bank is in charge, the bankers here know it.
 You went yesterday and talked to them.
 You had even gone on 14 December and you were supposed to have had a conflict because they were demanding.
 You demanded bankers to have a more friendly attitude towards borrowers.
 They mock you, Mr. Minister, you have nothing to offer them or threaten them with.
 To them you're a traffic cop.
 This is the essence of serfdom.
 The fact that in this country there are no governments.
 There are staff members of Frankfurt and Brussels.
 All the assurances that I understand why you're giving people.
 About security is false, nor do you want to do anything to make it more secure.
 For example, to borrowers, if you wanted to, you wouldn't vote for Hercules, nor can you once you voted for Hercules.
 Since you say yes to everything.
 In all that is planned without you for you.
 The problem.
 It is not of course Greek.
 We're just the most indebted, the most flimsy.
 State within this Eurozone miracle.
 The problem is purely Eurozone.
 At the moment Mrs Lagarde is not able to tame inflation and stabilise the eurozone banking system at the same time.
 It's not that I don't.
 She's in the mood, woman, she's in a good mood.
 It is not possible after 13 years of a combination of socialism for the bankers and austerity for the.
 For the majority of all the peoples of the European Union.
 A solution.
 The only solution at the moment that could be implemented because we always speak in the context of specific proposals that start in Europe, go to Greece and then end up back in Europe.
 It would be, for example, for the European Central Bank to make a digital account available to every European citizen.
 This would mean real deposit insurance.
 Technically it is very easy now.
 It didn't used to be before.
 The only way to spread the money.
 And a state's monetary policy was through the private banks through their cages, through their ATMs through their.
 Their branches and their branches.
 Today, the European Central Bank could very well make a digital wallet available to every European citizen, so that they could transfer their money to it and then there would be real security.
 And then the European Central Bank even had revenues because it would have replaced the monopoly of the bankrupt cartel of permanently bankrupt bankers.
 By the way, this is not only what Day 25 says.
 Read yesterday's Financial Times article by Martin Wolf.
 Of course, this is not at our discretion.
 This is a European problem here what should be done.
 The first thing that should be done is to abolish Hercules and replace it with a public company to manage the red loans of private debts like Odysseus, for which we have submitted a legislative proposal.
 We day 25 for 2 years.
 The only way to protect the first home is the abolition of the sale of red loans that include first homes fellow members of SYRIZA.
 Otherwise there is no possibility, you can't have a secondary market.
 Where to negotiate in it a loan that has collateral in the first home and protect the first home or else the public guarantee will be activated and we will have to go to Mrs Lagarde to borrow to get the predatory funds that will not get I but Hercules.
 Today you could have done this.
 You don't do it because.
 You are clearly following the orders of those who designed Hercules on behalf of the predatory funds.
 You could have given protection.
 To the borrowers justice to those who paid off their loan and at the same time have you keep the surplus profits that are now going away and going to the Cayman Islands.
 Every time you kill a red loan at auction your choice is not to do this.
 The second institutional proposal of day 25.
 It is the creation of a fiscal transaction system, which will be based on Taxis Net, which will allow free electronic transactions through Taxis Net.
 What I once called the parallel payment system is what you can do in Greece, which should have been done by the European Central Bank, providing digital accounts to citizens.
 We can start to do it ourselves free transactions, security of transactions.
 Breaking the banking system's monopoly on payments.
 the only loser of these 2 institutional proposals of our replacing Hercules with Odysseus and creating this system of financial transactional changes we call Demeter.
 The only losers would be the funds and the bankers who hold you by the throat, who mock you, who mock you, who mock you, who you go to ostensibly pressure to be nice to them.
 Be kinder to borrowers and really laugh in your face.
 This is of course what they hear from us on day 25, Mr Staikoura, the bankers, your friends in the minutes, and they hate us and they hate me personally.
 I personally love their hatred, I want to embrace it because I prefer it to the mockery they show in your face.
 I know that when you get the speech you'll say but here he is again, the one who closed the banks.
 The banks, Mr. Staikoura, and you know that.
 The European Central Bank shut it down just to keep the same oligarchs, the same bankers, along with some criminals like Mr. Paulson, who has taken over Piraeus Bank, who should be a common law criminal and should be in a super prison in the United States right now.
 Mocking you now by holding.
 Piraeus Bank was closed down in 2015 to keep those in power in the banking system.
 In order to continue to operate our Greece as a dystopian laboratory of austerity policies that we warned our comrades, our fellow citizens in France, in Germany, that what they are making here in this dystopian laboratory will be exported to you, any day now, so here is why what is happening in the streets of Paris is happening today.
 Why the French people are on the streets.
 And the same policy is being demonstrated, which has been expressed here since 2010.
 It is burning the peoples of Europe and darkening the future of our children, our children in Germany, in France, in Italy, in Portugal, in Greece.
 We.
 On day 25 we are and remain committed to the peoples of Europe.
 Disobedient insubordinate while you say yes to everything.
 But it is interesting to read the international financial press so that we can make a serious reading of what is happening in this place.
 You may even mention it and I'm sure when you read it you'll be glad you did.
 Bloomberg wrote yesterday was actually, today it was translated by the Athens News Agency, News Agency.
 An article triumphing my triumphalism over the Greek economy confirms.
 That what you say that the performance of the Greek economy is excellent, is that we have growth.
 As you say, Mr. Staikura, greater than that of the strong economies of Europe.
 First of all, anyone reading this should panic because the last time this was said was in 2005.
 We're the ones who were all rejoicing here that we had growth rates higher than Germany.
 We did have 5% real GDP, it was going up 5%, when it was going up by one and a half percent in Germany and you were happy here was Mr. and Mr. Alogoskoufis, you were talking about a shielded economy.
 Mr Simitis, who talks about Greece being in the hard core of the eurozone, was flying.
 The same things are so.
 They confirm your downfall and our downfall by showering you with badges of evil.
 Look if you are.
 Fund Fund based in either the Bahamas or London and Jersey no matter.
 Greece is really a big sax story for you.
 For the fund because.
 You come to Greece, in Greece, in Greece and you buy a 100 red loan from Hercules.
000 for 3 grand, you kill it for 20.
 And you've got 17 grand and you've put it in the Cayman Islands.
 Applauding Mr Tsipras for launching the secondary market for red loans.
 You take a Greek government bond at four and a half percent 100.
 Interest rate.
 Four and a half percent when the German gives you two and a half.
 And you have Mrs Lagarde, who whistles in your ear, don't worry, you take this sprint and put it in your pocket.
 I'll cover you as long as Mr. Staikouras.
 Increases the pace of auctions and evictions of people from their homes.
 Will.
 Why not praise you, Mr. Staikura of Bloomberg.
 They get rich from you.
 While you are imposing on the Greek people a dynamic of shrinkage, a dynamic and a reality of debt serfdom.
 They celebrate everything, the hidden inflation.
 The bond spreads and the increasing dependence of this country on policies that desertify it.
 You are leaving the government, Mr Staikoura, and we will soon have elections, leaving behind not a Greece of 2 speeds, but a Greece.
 Of 85, 90% of the population.
 Who are stuck in reverse.
 And another frantic Greece.
 Frantic in the face of the obscenity of the oligarchs a taxi driver recently the other day I can't drive the bike these days and so I take a taxi he says to me.
 I don't know about their GDP, but mine is not doing too well.
 This is the situation in Greece today for the very world debt and deficits, which will constantly create conditions for new measures.
 What you call investment, which is nothing but the selling off of Greece.
 Then Mr Simitis really surprised me and once he got something right, that all these things that you celebrate as investments are nothing but foreigners coming in and buying everything they can find.
 Increasing dependency and without any serious investment in the productive fabric of this country, plundering in other words.
 We're moving steadily towards elections at some point, they will be held, they should have been held already.
There is a complete mismatch between the popular feeling and those of us with a sense of self.
 Unfortunately, it seems that we are moving towards a coalition government because of the refusal of SYRIZA.
 And other parties.
 For a programmatic convergence in a progressive direction we are moving towards a coalition of the 3 memorandum parties.
 After the second election, which will be special purpose.
 The special purpose, the continuation of the desertification under the yes to everything to your former trojans thank you.
