Some time.
30 minutes We're good.
You will have 20.
We do it 20.
The evil is not to fly an eagle.
If they throw the guns away it's fine.
Well, thank you very much, Madam President.
I would like to start with the lie of the Prime Minister really Prime Minister continues the exact same line of lie of lie.
And especially of the half truth, while he announced the elections for 21/05 on TV, he is a TV from our minister of grind it on TV.
He told us that you will not bring any amendment.
Last minute.
So I hear that tomorrow a multi-bill bill of 10 ministries.
In order not to bring amendments and pass them all in the trailer it is a blender of articles of provisions.
Plans.
And they pass through and the Tempi.
That is, they will put in 50 buffets of their own 50 cuts in favour of the oligarchs, the canal lords, the plutocracy and they will pass the Tempi to create problems for the other parties.
Not being able to consciously and democratically vote for what they want to vote for.
We denounce them once again for distorting the parliamentary process.
They would have made the House really the worst it was in terms of procedures.
I'll start like this because they have a lying industry, I would say, and they have the media with them anyway.
But I would like to go to Mr. Mitarakis, whom I like our physiognomy.
He's a nice man, the minister.
But it is also the bearer of the whole burden of bad choices.
For the graft of Mr Mitsotakis and company.
Mr Mitarakis, it doesn't take much brainpower to understand that you have made an industry.
 Not just you personally, but everyone defining these parties, these non-governmental organisations.
You've made industry this avalanche of non-governmental organizations that an invisible hand of a global guiding hand is launching and implementing and they reveal that governments are doing their bidding.
So I will say this, Mr Mitarakis, if you go to Google.
And click on NGO.
 You will see.
Political priests.
So-called activists have discovered the most lucrative industry for getting rich.
Human trafficking because that's what NGOs do.
And I have to tell you, Mr. Mitarakis, that 10% of the workforce in the United States works in non-governmental organizations.
 Listen, he's working a little, which means, Mr. Matarakis, he's getting paid.
 Which means, it's not volunteerism, it's not humanitarianism, it's making a living from the slave trade.
It is a percentage equivalent to the employment of retailers 10% of US citizens work in NGOs and 10% in retail in the United States.
 The same thing is happening in Europe and let our friends who are on the theories learn that unfortunately or fortunately the truth is that money is not a voluntary contribution or work, it is a lucrative occupation in any non-governmental organization, so it is not treated by sentient beings as charity but as money-making.
So it's a front for a speculative activity and that's not the worst thing.
 Obligation to publish balance sheets.
I mean, I have an NGO that gets a government grant.
 10 million euros I don't announce balance sheets, there are people working there I don't know how much money they get, each of them can get 2 grand and 3 grand and 5 grand and 10 grand.
 I can take it and their pocket something from there in that money, the state cannot control it, according to the principles of economics, but there is something worse because these are also tax issues and here we have black money, very black money with NGOs and black money or money that is not taxed.
To know what we're talking about is not money, it's just being moved by an illegal activity.
 Give me and my business the opportunity not to pay 300 euros every year.
000 euro tax.
But I do and I hate my business.
Is it possible that there is a serious person who believes all this.
But according to the principles of economics, Mr. Mitarakis, when you want and you don't have a supply of a Premortal, what do you do to raise the price?
You ask others and others to come here.
 So, in order to make more money and more money, it needs more immigrants, more products because for them products are unfortunately not human, philanthropic behaviour, they need other products and other people and other people to come to get more money, so that they can get some amounts per capita.
It's like the slave traders from Africa used to do in the old days, carrying per capita and taking money.
 The same goes for NGOs.
 Thus, beneficiaries resort to creating artificial demand.
This is the reality of speculators at the expense of unhappy people.
The society of the nation states, the rest of the citizens of Europe.
What we say.
Shut down the slave trade now, shut down the NGOs now, shut down the profiteers of non-governmental organisations.
And it's not me, Mr. Mitarakis, when the Greek police and Interpol come out and talk about German NGOs that are doing slave trade, espionage.
 You want their names.
 Aegean Boat Report and 4 other German NGOs based in Berlin.
 Now listen, the German philanthropists are based in Berlin, but in Greece they also operate in the Mediterranean and they operate to transport people's heads.
 It's a shame we're talking about it.
Mare Liberum, Sea Watch, FFM, International SolidarityThey are ostensibly humanitarian, have you checked them, Minister, you have words 300 NGOs, Minister, when did you get in?
 Has the IRS come in to check their documents yes or no.
 Tell us Leave the rest, the charitable Tell us.
And of course, when politicians have their own NGOs, I will not say about relatives of Prime Minister.
 I don't want to get into this process, but look how the political, financial or cooperate with NGOs names of prominent politicians who have non-governmental organizations here and priests and high priests causes has declined.
 You will say to me, is it bad bad.
 It's not, but in a coordinated state, anyone who has an NGO should be controlled in our view, because if they are operating under the law of whether what they are doing is legitimate and not to do, Mr. Minister, everyone what they really want, you were telling us in 2019 to me you committed late 10 9.
That you will audit 400 NGOs tell us how many of the 400 were audited by the tax authorities.
That's what I want to hear.
And what do you do with 7 years.
 It says illegal residence in Greece You can bring legalized illegal immigrants to illegal immigrants or to immigrants.
 I have in front of me the permit documents, it will become practical yet says and if it is the administrative deportation or return decisions have not been executed, i.e. they catch me in Germany as an illegal immigrant.
 Of course, my parents went regular on immigration and I know what an immigrant matriarch means.
 I don't know if any of you here know what an immigrant is.
 I went to a German school.
Blackhead, they used to call me and I wasn't the child of a prime minister.
Former Prime Minister, like the Honourable George Andreas Papandreou, not I was a miner's son.
 So I know what my parents mean by immigrant.
 I went with certain procedures, they didn't enter through the windows, they didn't break through the doors, they didn't break through the borders, they didn't check, medical, preventive and all these things a coordinated state has to do.
And to say this.
I want you to tell me how many of those who were legalized will have a voter registration card in the next election.
That no one.
The 25.
000 in the Municipality of Athens announced the day before yesterday is none.
Look it up a little, 25 were announced the day before yesterday.
000 nationalisations.
 Tell me how many of them will vote.
 Because if the municipality of Athens is 25.
000, including some Albanians, who live here, I understand, but if there are also Pakistanis who stay for two, three, four, five years, you know what we have, Mr.Mitarakis, alteration of the will of the Greek citizens, of the democratic process, so as not to hurt me, one person who lives here for decades according to the law and another who we put out of the window and the municipality of Poiis, it is not the same thing.
Demetrakis and I will remind those who are obsessed or have a short memory.
 What the New Democracy was saying.
 What she promised in her leaflet.
 Campaign promises of immediate deportations, campaign leaflet, closed accommodation centres, intensive checks of legal documents.
 These promised that made mass asylum without control of flows, relocations in the hinterland made the Takis to avoid being the man elected element wanted to decongest his island and transferred them.
Yes, in Greece, instead of sending them back open accommodation centers and law agreements, exactly the opposite of what you said, Mr. Mitarakis during the election and hijack the vote of the hippopotamus, you do post-election.
That's who you are, you have phobic syndromes, not to say financial interest.
 Many of you not you personally may have a political interest in reproducing this story.
And Mr. Mitarakis, in a state that is truly an enemy of a state as passionate as Greece is towards the Greeks, I will answer you.
With the statement of the President of the Single Parents of Greece, Natasha Dalaklis, who denounced.
Every immigrant Greek mother mother mother who raises her child alone Mr.Mitarakis, not me president is the woman every immigrant has priority in the lists of OAED for finding a job, will have the right to a pension by completing 1000 credits 3 years of work will have tax immunity, will have free housing, electricity, water, Internet, they promote so, says this lady, no, I racism against Greek needy families.
This is not a state, this is a state that hates the Greek, the indigenous of the indigenous, the native.
 So we are telling you this because the only solution to free ourselves from stereotypes and logics that are known to all parties from the left, the so-called left, the centre, the centre-right of the right, is a single solution to return to the Greeks.
 What they should have and what they deserve, we should give back to them.
 Give us a four-year term, Greeks, and we'll pay you back for all this.
Because you deserve it.
And so we say to them, what are we going to do.
 It's very simple.
Mr. Mitarakis, we didn't bring you from England.
 I guess you were there I guess you know the navy thing well but there things have tightened up with the Sunak.
 Now they're very tight.
Because I understood what multiculturalism means.
 You want to impose heterochronously what Great Britain did 30 years ago and which it regretted and you want to do it heterochronously in Greece.
 Mr. Mitarakis, you and your company.
We will not allow you, Mr. Takis, you will not make Greece a new Greece in the n.
This is our view.
 So what did the German Parliament do 2 months ago.
German Parliament decision to deport all illegal immigrants who have failed the German language exam after 2 years.
Here goes the other one they say to him What is the capital of Greece and he says the reason Pakistan in the project says the Kabul and you pass it by the actions.
And even the second condition is that they refused work commensurate with their qualifications, twice, but the brother saw a job in Greece, he will go to work in the field where you say you have no workers, I'm not going to Athens What are you saying, big guy, what are you saying, brothers from Pakistan?
 What do you say brother from Afghanistan What do you say Indo-Europeans cousin that you will go you will go and if you don't go like in Germany You will go home tomorrow morning.
This means state.
Also.
All those deported to Germany refuse to stay in the city, the area indicated by authorities in Greece.
 The gentleman pensions they get from Chios from Samos brings them down to Piraeus and individual helped children.
This is state, cells and don't smile.
 I understand your weakness element I understand the weakness of the congestion of our islands in the eastern Aegean.
 Why it became congested and notaraki.
 Why are you afraid of these people.
 Because why did you never do the push back that is allowed by the Geneva Convention, that's why the islands are filled with these people who are persecuted, who are unhappy.
 Yes, but let's agree on common sense, when my house, Mr. Mitarakis, fits into a one-square-foot house, mine is bigger, it doesn't matter.
4 people you will not load 4 more into me I can't I can't I can't I will push you I will push you out of the house, I will not allow you to come into my house just things.
Denmark rents prisons in Kosovo Mr Mitaraki will send overcrowded prisoners there.
 The agreement is also in line with international law and a similar agreement from 15 years ago exists between Norway and the Netherlands.
 Britain I was saying earlier will send asylum seekers illegal immigrants in East Africa to Rwanda.
What the Greek solution will do.
 We will make a deal with Libya, with Rwanda, we will give them money that will be much less than what you are wasting.
 Billions.
 You to the EU's nickel to non-governmental organizations at 1/10th of the price and we will take them there to special camps, as the rest of the European countries do, unless your goal, Mr. Mitarakis, Greece to make it Elladistan.
And the Greeks their Greeks No, the Greeks will remain Greeks.
 Greece will remain Greece and keep it Greek because Greece belongs to the Greeks.
 This is our motto and this is our view.
 And because we're talking about a few minutes now, I want the Greeks to listen.
But the people who are up there.
 I don't know what most of them do for a living, let's talk a little bit about the salaries of the cronies of New Democracy and the other parties who appointed them to the Treasury.
The well-known Hyperthank you, the Hyperthank you that sells off everything that is Greek, everything that is Greek has been sold off.
No annual report of the Supervisory Board has been published since 20 years for the Super Fund they decide on their own salaries.
 Constantine, you're not putting me on that you have a leatherneck.
 President, 75.
000 € + 2000 € per meeting are the before.
My bulls are meeting my 2K, an hour half an hour10:00 minutes Gregory Demetriades, not the Prime Minister's cousin, don't be confused CEO 270.
000 € performance bonus, private healthcare, pension and life insurance 20.
000 € per year.
Stefanos Dourelis, Deputy CEO, 230.
000 € performance bonus, private healthcare, insurance, life insurance, 15.
000 € per year.
 Spyros Tzias D I s, Executive Member, Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Treasury, 30.
000 €, but 1000 € per meeting Dimitrios Makropoulos Adamantini Lazari, Alexandra Konida, Thymios Kyriakopoulos, non-executive members fee 30.
000 € + 1000 € per meeting can have up to 100 meetings per year.
But 100 thousand tax-free I tell you, Mr.Mitarakis like them you have two thousand 200 employees in the independent authorities are 36 independent authorities with boards of directors, CEOs, presidents, secretaries who are paid dearly are the grasshoppers of the public.
 It's the one that the Greek solution will drive out all because they don't need it because they drink the blood of the Greek people, but that's not what the channels say that the President gets 7000 and a meeting but 100 200 300 bonuses to chase us only.
Of course, only us or sterile or sterile or anywhere else in the independent authorities.
 These are the numbers and now let's go to SYRIZA.
Mr. Zacharias, I wonder.
We wonder, yes, my child, you have a short memory, an Alzheimer's, a political ignorance in SYRIZA with all sympathy.
Law 43, 89 of 16, Article 184 of the Law.
 What does it say about setting up a Greek holding and property company known as Ypertafond for 99 years, It will be in full ownership of all public property, that is enough Syriza now and complaining to them here in the new democracy, that they are selling off everything water and electricity, but the law was made by Syriza and they have implemented new democracy.
 This is who the Greek people are listening to, whether SYRIZA or New Democracy.
One coin, 2 sides zero value you are constantly being lied to will affiliates.
i.e. the ones that were passed to the State Treasury to sell off TKS, TAYPED, ETAD, public holding company 2016 cities 24% of ADMIE to a Chinese company right of first refusal in the next sale of shares SYRIZA made it law 4533 of 2018 sale of 40% of PPC's lignite units in Florina and Megalopolis.
2017 tender for the concession and operation of the Egnatia road for 40 years as SYRIZA voted 2000 1928 June tender for the sale of 30% of Eleftherios Venizelos airport as SYRIZA.
 He did fifth, they pass to the State Treasury The 51% of EYDAP.
Listen now.
Now they are complaining about the water not being privatized, that is, they make the law so that I can give it to them to implement it to spread the responsibility and now the baby virgins are complaining.
Who do not know of men seriously we are talking about NOW the 74% of EYATH and 51% of PPC by SYRIZA voted two Thousand DEKA Octo sale 51% gas supply companies Thessaloniki Thessaly by SYRIZA 2018 Polis 66% of DESFA to another company by SYRIZA City 67% of OLP to Kosco by SYRIZA no need 18 cities, 68% of Olp by SYRIZA June 19 sale of Golf Afante to another company by SYRIZA.
Dendias, 16 sale of Kassiopi of Corfu by SYRIZA 2018 sale of 50% of HELPE by SYRIZA sale of 14 regional airports to Fraport by SYRIZA 2016 sale of TRAINOSE to the.
This SYRIZA.
That is, and I have a series of 30, 40 cities.
 Listen a little if you have fired your logic and your mind and your memory if you really want to erase the bad things you are doing to the detriment of the Greek citizens there in SYRIZA Apologize and say we will make up for the criminal financial mistakes we made.
 So we will go to PASOK.
Which I like for other reasons.
Androulakis claimed he wants says he wants the new paradigm in politics will not deal with what he said about me and my profession, nor will I tell him that you never see him in his life.
Man who has never worked in the life of the man who works, criticizes him and who working I give and offer hundreds of Greeks work and the tax office money I am not paid by the state, but I have never been a state-sponsored.
 So because he brings the new political model to tell him that what Venizelos applied, he himself in the PA Shaw secretary together with the New Republic.
But in the governance of a new democracy and PA I have to say this, and I insist on this if he thinks he's a model politician, I'll show them something.
To resign as a MEP NOW As I really I from day one why does he not resign and I make the policies, no personal references to what work he does, whether he has worked and that I look like he is a statist only political confrontations I can never make hits personally tolerated him at his Congress continues The same tactics if he wants to become Prime Minister, as he said yesterday about the report, he was looking for the unknown X. We were playing trilithium, X. He said he would make him prime minister. PASOK doesn't want him. I don't want Mr Tsipras, Mr Mitsotakis, he says.
Where I saw the third pick.
To choose you must want to govern.
 So if you want to govern, you say so directly.
Because we don't want to cooperate with any of you.
It is Aristotle's logic with which we identify completely the whole.
 It is greater than the sum of its parts.
 We are the whole and you are part of the problem and you are part of the problem in the parts of the problems and then you are the sum of your parts and your own policies and we don't agree with their arithmetic.
 It's a numerical oversight.
 The 3 parties are not aggregated as a government, because this way they cancel the will of the Greek people before the elections, they talk and discuss and discuss a coalition government after all.
The sum of several zeros gives a result of zero to the power of zero.
 You offer zero, you target the country and you do not do a single thing to open up this country to open up.
And the worst thing they do is that they threaten the Greek people, they threaten the Greek people with ungovernability.
 What do you want?
 Ungovernability is said in New Democracy.
But I will tell them this, a verbal threat is the certificate, the genuine certificate of incompetence.
 And I'm not saying that, I'm not saying that, Nicholas Taleb is saying that and here it proves that because you are incapable of governing you can't govern, you're catching life jackets, you're looking for a stick to make sure you're not late, you're all hiding behind the coalition government for us the most annoying thing about the incompetents is not that they talk, it's that they talk too much and you talk too much without proposals.
 So try to.
To deceive the Greek people many times.
 We are sounding alarm bells even for the banks.
 Be careful, because the story of the world's banks will also go to Stournaras.
 What he says is that they say this before I pushed it or that the banks are safe, the bonds are safe and the Greek bondholder who trusted the Greek state lost his money.
So we say to you and we insist on what you did to your politicians and friends.
 Write-offs worth over €12 billion of debts and loans of individuals and companies.
And go for the Greek citizen, write off easy loans, as if your cronies and we are the only one, who dares to say names.
 So we tell you some of the cronies of the New Democracy of SYRIZA and PASOK Piladakis, Leontoudis, Ephoplistis, Laskaridis, Vovos, Boubas, Bubas, Veniamis, Veniamis, the shipowner, Zolotas, Frango, Madias, Tsakos, Neck, Valenti, Kustas, Maillis, Channels Newspapers They deleted hundreds of millions of euros by 90%.
All their debts they who are more equal than the citizen.
 No, they are the cronies of the new democracy and all those who cut the loans of the oligarchs of the plutocracy and not of the Greek citizens.
 And we dare to name names, because we are dealing with a rhetorical question: can the minister who has loans, the prime minister who has loans himself, or the party that has loans itself, legislate against the banks?
We ask The answer comes effortlessly, no.
 Is it ethical to be a minister and have loans and supervise.
 No.
That's the answer of the Greek solution, that's why we say they will vote for a new democracy.
 The citizens will vote for SYRIZA, they will vote for SYRIZA, they will vote for a new democracy, they will vote for Androulakis, they will vote for the unknown of all 3.
Decide, wake up Greek, vote gr party they say we say vote Greek not 3 party, vote Greek, patriotic, national, economic, political, cultural, Greek solution.
So we ask each Greek individually, Greek, if you had only one chance in your life, one chance, no more, one chance to change your life.
 What would you do.
 And this opportunity is the May Twentieth, the opportunity to change your life.
 He chose the right logic, the right intersection, the right choice.
And we go to the crime in the crime of the lawns.
You're gonna put a timer on me and you love a timer Tell me.
You're gonna put a gag on me, you wanna.
Our goals are not accepted by the media anyway, all day long it is you, let the Parliament in the Temple of Democracy be heard and our voice silenced in the media.
 You will not gag us, and here we can't.
Well.
Moreover, the Prime Minister, we are tired of him Kanishki show him go to the toilet, the show no longer show Egypt panty show go to NATO show.
 Let us speak too.
One, an antenna and an ERT that occasionally hosts us.
Isn't that a bit of nerve?
And I say it in good humor.
All parties, New Democracy, SYRIZA and PASOK attempt a strange cover-up.
The crime of the lawnmowers.
No one is to blame for anything Stop it!
No one asks why they're covering a private company.
 Nobody talks about others, Why don't you talk about others, Nobody nobody nobody.
 Because while the president, Mrs. Tsiyaparikou of the RAS had informed 18 SYRIZA had informed the new Republic, had informed everyone and we had told them here in September 20 Velopoulos there is the video for this I say let us talk, I had said that we will have an accident on the railway since September 20 I had warned, as I say for the regional airports.
What the world says.
 I'll read What a good boy said, young boy.
Who lost his brother.
Whoever votes.
The 3 parties that ate the money and did nothing are complicit in the crime of temps.
We say something else.
 Whoever covers up for the criminals, whoever they are and doesn't take them to jail and put them in jail.
 He's an accomplice to the crime of lawn mowing.
 Because we are talking politics now and here smells of hooding dear colleague you took the lady forensic scientist from Larissa.
 Listen now no one says anything, not even the PASOK series does not speak.
 They chose Mrs. Leontari who was the forensic pathologist.
There was a forensic scientist in Larissa who did the forensic investigation and you put her and you went and you choose to put her in the Ministry of Justice, supervisor, violating the yearbook.
And I ask, what were the motives for choosing.
 The feasibility exists and I insist on the immunity of the company.
 I insist, I won't show the charts, no.
 But I will ask something that Mr. Vangelatos asked if it is true to the maximum, he asked, you asked from the very first moment the army to guard the wagons from the accident in Tempe.
 Yes or no.
 Why are you taking soldiers outside because no one answers.
Why is anyone talking.
 Why one talks about the company.
 He gave Mr Mitarakis.
 It's a non-Taracis thing.
 You said it, Mr. Mitarakis, you said it says you blame the public in personal.
You accused him of the private company is a gift, sir.
What property I understood has immunity idiosyncratic that is what Sakis tells me.
 I blame the public to other private company that knew based on the telegraph teletypes the imails that the railroad was dangerous and put up trains to go on a killer railroad.
 It's not his fault.
We're in our right minds, what else will we hear.
 And what kind of logic is that?
In our logic they can't do that, but listen now, because build a place, a country clown, this is a cell in the train of Dhekelia Let the children see it.
To go to get off at Tekeli station let the train ticket says tickets across the street at the Sentinel Grill.
In Dhekelia, Mr. Minister.
It has a sign that says guys, if you go to Kella take the train and you gentlemen bigger, it says there at the EU and the station when the ticket office is missing everyone in the restaurant on the roof of the Sennitis requires and souvlaki along with a ticket.
 This is the Greece of New Democracy, of reforms.
 That's who you are, so it's down to them to talk about what to talk about, you didn't have time.
 You didn't ask how many years you have been in power 30, 40 How many years you want 400 years, How many years the Turks want, How many years you want at last tell us what we say to the Greeks.
Why we really wonder with the voters of New Democracy did not hear anything from the Greeks about what Anastasiades, the former President of Cyprus and no party speaks old What the President of Cyprus said that the Greek Prime Minister pressured him not to mine in Cyprus.
Leave it, leave it official rebuttal.
 There is no, there is no, there is no consultation.
No lady prevent, no lady prevent, no.
 So there's no other way to say it, then I'll say it differently, since the lady wants it.
 Mrs Voultepsi, the former popular right-wing who became Liberal with LGBTI and illegal immigrants.
 Because he forgets what he said.
 So I say, I say, the choice of Cyprus, Madam President, will you let me speak.
Please spear please, please, let me respect you please, Mr. colleague.
Colleague.
Your house your house your house your house, people are forbidden.
Interruption is forbidden, it's not here anytime you want to come.
Please, so...
You're not getting paid, so you're going into debt. Come on.
Sir, I beg you very much.
 Please, Mr. Colleague, please.
Say, I will speak like a silo, Mr. President, like a group, if you interrupt me I will speak worse.
 I'll talk and worse interrupt me.
Sir, my colleague.
Mr.
Brother, sir, please, please, Madam Secretary, please.
Very now please proof.
Mr. President.
Mr. Speaker, just a moment please, Mr. Minister, he is speaking from the floor, you are responding.
 Excuse me very much.
 Excuse me, Minister.
They have larger.
Excuse me too much, you must also keep the types.
 Please please please please please base it on the.
Rules I do not see repeatedly in the Rules of the House all of you based on the Rules of the House, if it's something personal, beyond the floor and you answer, ma'am, find out the Rules of the House.
It's being interrupted from below by people who are clear if you don't like what I say, you will answer me, so you will answer me from now on, the new Republic has emptied Cyprus, putting Turkey in charge of the International Maritime Organization.
 Yes or no.
Answer and this, when Cyprus votes for Kenya and the government voted for Turkey.
This is how it's behaved so answer me and this one Go answer this one too.
Ladies and gentlemen please.
Why Cyprus andThere please very much.
Not to repeat the split for the first time the single national line with the decision of New Democracy and Mr. Mitsotakis.
 This is the truth.
Let's go to the last one.
Since they have come to an agreement with SYRIZA, what are you confusing us with, "Filis wants Aegean presses".Mrs.Bakoyannis wants Aegean presses, both of them want it.Filis doesn't want mining in Greece, Mr.Dendias said it this morning, Mitsotakis does not want to mine in Greece, that is what you want more to understand that the party government of New Democracy SYRIZA and PASOK is coming and closing to understand what the rules of the Parliament mean.
Because for us there is no unknown in the next elections.
 What Mrs Bakoyannis said.
We exclude Mr.Velopoulos, because it is impossible to cooperate with a party that has diametrically opposed views on national issues.
 From us this is my answer to those who think they can fool the Greek people forever.
 You can't.
 Gentlemen, what do we say about national issues.
 No name Macedonia in Skopje, No co-exploitation in the Aegean We say this, so you say the opposite based on what Mrs Bakoyannis says.
And we answer you with the Makriyannis and I close and we were freed from the Turks and enslaved Kame to the Kakori people where was the impurity of Europe.
 Makriyannis, not us so we know what we are talking about and because you have failed everywhere.
The only reform you've made, not to be unfair to you.
Is this the reform with the cap on chickens.
You put a cap on chickens in the countryside, it's a reform.
 It was important until the majors to have 5 daughters in the class.
 It is important the reason in Thessaloniki's Sociedad not to have chickens.
 It is a reform.
And here comes the German intervention of peaceful occupations that are very serious.
 Let's leave the rest, anybody here can disagree.
 The German Foreign Minister this morning called for a change to the Skopje Constitution.
 Listen now to include in this existence of a Bulgarian minority.
It's shocking that the German Foreign Minister intervened and nobody is talking, nobody understands what's going on.
When Germany asks for a change in the Constitution of Skopje in order to create a Bulgarian minority in Skopje, it may prove that the Germans did not really want to help Greece on the issue of Skopje and it means developments that we cannot imagine in the next few years and Kovacevic, who is the Prime Minister of Skopje, comes out and says that the Macedonians of Greece have the right to self-determination and then 200.
000 Skopje Greeks who disappeared in the latest census.
 What is it.
 Tell me what you guys would call.
All of this, along with the municipal police and hiring, proves something.
 You failed everywhere the municipal police that the Premier abolished as a minister today, when he was a minister, he abolished the municipal police.
 They bring back 1214 offended their own children, like the other university police, who were not appointed, but did not do their job but what are we saying.
What we want.
We have a simple perception and this perception is the reality of the Greek solution.
What Adamantios Korais said, who is the compass of the Greeks.
 I love freedom, but I'd like to find it.
 Always torn between justice and humanism, freedom without justice is pure robbery.
Give us a four-year term, give us a four-year term and we will make Greece better.
 They don't lie, we ask questions and most importantly, we love Greece.
 We love the Greek, we love the homeland May 21 we vote if we love Greece Greek solution thank you very much.
