Good evening.
 I would like to start a little differently too.
 Of course, my intervention today here in my homeland.
 But.
 Indeed, the emotional charge is great.
 As today in a few hours we bid farewell to a precious companion and friend Tasos Chronas who passed away the day before yesterday.
 Who, as you all know, you know, we know for many decades from any position, either as a doctor in the hospital.
 And director of the Radiology Clinic, either as a municipal councillor of the Municipality of Lamia, or as a regional councillor of the region of Sterea, or as a member of the KKE, a candidate for the party for many four years.
 Known in Fthiotida and throughout the whole of the region, he offered to the working people through all these qualities to the youth, he offered his science, his knowledge, his agility to make people happy, to defend the just cause of the struggle of our people and our region for a better society, we wish him.
 And from STAR Central Sterea from this podium of the great conference that is being organized.
 Have a good trip.
Dear friends, ladies and gentlemen.
 On the occasion of the 30th anniversary of STAR Central Greece.
 I would like to convey to all of you to all the employees of the station.
 To the whole region here the warm wishes of the Communist Party of Greece for a good continuation with health and strength in all your efforts for the KKE, information is a basic people's right and in this regional television can play a special role, both to identify and highlight the important problems faced by the people's families in the region, as well as the promotion of the struggles of the workers' demands in many and important workplaces in sectors of the region of the workers of various sectors, and the promotion of the struggles of the workers of the region.
For all these reasons, the KKE has always supported the just demands of journalists and other media workers, so that they can contribute without restrictions and exclusions to informing our people about all the issues that concern them in the region, but mainly in the whole of Greece, of course.
 Your initiative to organise this very interesting conference coincided with the announcement of the date of the elections by the Prime Minister the day before yesterday.
 A communication.
 I would like to say that Mr Mitsotakis accompanied it with the well-known blackmailing dilemma of ungovernability or stability, saying that stability will be ensured by his own party.
 The self-reliance of his own party.
 Of course, our people have experienced this stability in the last four years with the criminal management of the pandemic and with the dangerous involvement of Greece in the war raging on the territory of Ukraine and with the energy crisis and with the accuracy that eats away at their income.
 All these things, no matter how much the government of the New Democracy calls them imported in a somewhat convenient way, are the direct results of a policy in which the government of the New Democracy and all previous governments have had a hand and have implemented up to their eyeballs.
 The same dilemma is also served in different versions.
 And from other parties.
 For SYRIZA, for example, stability means the formation of a coalition government in which it calls progressive, with the participation of PASOK from the first ballot, so that the country does not get into adventures, as SYRIZA itself says, its own executives see that stability in the repulsive system we live in can be provided by any kind of social democracy, either of SYRIZA or PASOK.
 But it is not about stability.
 We believe and we believe for safety, for our people.
 In fact, this stability, this help to the system given by the various parties, has even been the envy of some French magazines lately.
 If you saw, which even wrote where we will find a Tsipras to raise the retirement age to 67 without opening his nostrils.
 I mention it since Mr Tsipras made reference to my French accent here from this conference the other day.
 In the debate from this podium, although I think that contrary to what the New Democracy is saying, he knows very well what he wrote and this magazine and that's why he's proud that the magazine, when it called him a good reformer.
 Skinner on the pensioners' stuff, although he was obviously mocking him for it, this is some praise.
 Of course, we also hear the leader of PASOK, Mr. Androulakis, in the last few days, I don't know whether he will repeat it in the future and here in front of you, proposing his own solution for stability, which is a coalition government, either of the new Republic, PASOK or SYRIZA PASOK, simply with another person as prime minister, apart from Messrs. Mitsotakis and Tsipras.
 This proposal is perhaps revealing because it proves that finally everyone in this place can go with everyone, since despite their individual differences, it unites an agreement on major issues in the strategic direction that will ultimately determine the next government's anti-people's policy, because unfortunately they all follow the same anti-people's path.
 With other drivers, with other station masters, but on the same unpopular route, which is why they constantly derail trains or lead them into deadly collisions.
 Politically, of course, we mean today that this common up and down direction is expressed both in the unpopular preconditions of the Recovery Fund and in the European Union's directions for the liberalisation of energy, railways, water, we will say water, water finally with dangerous NATO war plans and adventurism with the attack on people's homes to support the bankers at a time when a new economic capitalist crisis is brewing internationally and much more about it.
 And we all believe that they want to get the support or at least the tolerance of the people, in a policy that is ultimately the one that accumulates even more instability, insecurity for the working people themselves, for pensioners, for young people, for young people, for young women.
 And this is also reflected in the specific issues that concern the people and youth of the region, which are of course linked and determined by the general policies that are followed.
 After the visit of the Prime Minister and the election event that was set up with the help of the regional and local administration, it seems that the people of the region have nothing to expect from the billions that were advertised in this fiesta.
 With the Prime Minister's announcements.
 The investments presented here.
 They are essentially projects that do not come to meet its own needs, but to enhance the profitability of various large business groups.
 Such an investment is the concession by the State Property Fund to a business group, for example, of the thermal springs in the burnt bogs, making the right to access the thermal springs an expensive commodity.
 Just a month ago, the KKE presented at a special event in the burnt bourla, a comprehensive proposal that is in the completely opposite direction and ensures the exploitation of the thermal springs for the benefit of our people, while opening the way for the exploitation of the important geothermal field that exists there in the energy sector.
Another such investment is the announcement of the construction of student halls of residence at the university through PPPs.
 So the people have to pay for the construction of the dormitories, but also pay rent for their children's dormitories, while there is a need for truly free education for all students.
 Such an investment is the redevelopment of the Panhellenic Exhibition of Lamia of the area that hosts us today, in which we are located, which could certainly be exploited for the benefit of the people of the Greek people with modern facilities, recreational areas, but in the end it is only given to business groups.
 Such an investment is the millions that will be given for the various roads.
 The modern roads, so advertised.
 But these are roads in reality that the Greek people pay gold for them to be built without being accompanied even by the necessary anti-flooding works, since these are, as they say, unnecessary costs for the state.
 For the builders, for the contractors and then he pays them in gold again to use them with the tolls, while the surrounding villages here in the plain of Spercheios drown with the first rain.
 We know what he's pulling.
 For example, the village, but other villages here in the plain of Lamia, but also further up, some time ago we were there and we saw the malpractices of the investors who have devastated the area.
 Creating a lake in the villages, so that the water from the streams comes back in case of flooding in every downpour with huge damage to crops, livestock, houses, property, even endangering the lives of the inhabitants.
 It is the criminal policy.
 We believe in the cost-benefit that led us to the predictable crime of Tempe, which filled the Greek people and youth with sincere sadness and unimaginable anger.
 And here in our region, leading to some of the biggest mobilizations ever in Lamia and elsewhere.
 Throughout the country.
 At the same time that all these investments are being advertised, not a word has been said about what will happen to LARCO, an emblematic production unit for the region, for the whole country, where the waste of millions by all governments or conscious abandonment to demolish it and give it away for a plate of lentils, resulting in.
 To have its furnaces shut down now and the workers do not know if and when it will be reopened.
 The KKE consistently highlights the possibilities for the continued operation and development of the.
 Struggling steadfastly for the future of the more than 1300 employees and the associated professionals in the respective areas where the company operates.
 We submitted 3 legislative proposals for the reopening of LARCO and for the safeguarding of all jobs, none of which were rejected by the government, none of which were rejected by the other parties.
 We also did not hear a word about the demands that the farmers of the region put forward in the face of the acute problems they face with the exorbitant production costs, the lack of guaranteed prices for which they sell their products.
 To be exploited with humiliating prices by industrialists, big traders and then the products reach the shelves at high prices for the people's family.
  The serious decrease in population in several areas of Central Greece and especially here in Fthiotida, is the result of the abandonment by the state, especially of these rural areas, an area which instead of producing quality cheap agricultural products, in order to solve the food problem of the population, is wiping out farmers and livestock farmers.
 In order for a young person to stay here, to be active professionally, to start a family, to live in his place, it is necessary to have the necessary state assistance to cope with all these adversities.
 We need public hospitals fully staffed, equipped and not in the current state of the hospitals of Lamia and Livadia.
 The rest needs health centres, rural clinics, schools for its children, development of cultural and sports infrastructure, projects to protect its life and property from natural and other hazards.
 The KKE was and is with the people of North Evia in the catastrophic fire of 2021 ignited by the state government policy.
 We are fighting for 100% compensation against the false promises in the so-called reconstruction plan that is tailor-made for big interests.
 But at the expense of the needs of the people.
 At the same time.
 Being very concerned about the seismic activity in the whole region, we took an important initiative and recently organized an event in Chalkida for seismic armouring with well-known scientists and mass organizations of the prefecture.
 Friends and friends.
 Overall, we believe that the people of the region and of the whole country now have valuable accumulated experience, which they can and should use.
 In the next elections.
 Everyone and everything has now been tested in successive unpopular governmental schemes created by all the parties before, the New Democracy, SYRIZA before that, PASOK and other parties.
 Which turned out to be disposable.
 Unfortunately, the other parties agree to the goals of large groups for new and large profits at the expense of workers, agree to the fixing of the minimum wage at 2011 levels, essentially with individual differences in the maintenance of the memorandum and post-memorandum laws of commitments that loosen the hands of large employers in the European Union's policy of energy liberalization.
 And the so-called green growth that on the one hand explodes energy poverty for the people and on the other hand boosts the profits of the green energy conglomerates.
 All together, unfortunately, they voted for the objectives of the European Union's Development Development Fund and now they are fooling the people with divided roles.
 That this SUPER memorandum, because that's what it is, can have positive effects for the people.
 Finally, they are arguing with each other about which groups will absorb this money that has been accumulated again by the working people themselves.
 They put on, as you can see, daily shows for tapas and baskets, but together these parties reject the proposals of the KKE for relief.
 In fact, energy poverty, because these proposals, you see, affect the privileges of a few.
 The differences in the proposals of the other parties are of which pocket the people will pay again.
 The KKE does not just have differences, but it stands, and we say this to you frankly with our hand on our heart and looking you in the eye, it stands against the interests, the great interests of large economic business centres, of the governments they support and of their parties, the Communist, Greece has no commitments either to the domestic or to the international elites.
 We believe that the KKE is a real guarantee for the development of mass decisive struggles, for the defence of our people outside and inside the Parliament, so that the various big groups, those who have the money, those who squeeze the people, and not the people again, pay the bills.
 Why the vote for the KKE Remain in the KKE will not turn into support either.
 Nor will it tolerate any unpopular government, whatever its composition, whatever the parties that make it up, because in this way the KKE assumes its responsibility towards the people, because progress means fighting for the right of the many, it means confrontation with this corrupt system and not a passport to government chairs after the elections, in the context of which the truly progressive today is in the claim.
 The contemporary needs of the new generation of workers, the self-employed, farmers, women, scientists, artists.
 Today there is the possibility for broader working people's forces, many, many people to take a step independently of the choices they have made so far to reject false dilemmas, which will grow stronger as the days go by.
 But they will also mutate as the polls approach to go to the polls on Sunday the twenty-first of May, giving the answer neither of the 2 and their various willing co-governors.
 It will only benefit the people.
 And it will be the election of more MEPs of the EP in the prefectures of the region in all the prefectures of the country to elect a deputy of the Communist Party of Greece from Fthiotida, where my candidacy also marks the interest and involvement of the party with the problems of the people of the region.
 And in Central Greece and in the whole country, the weaker the parties that in one way or another are prepared, prepared for this next unpopular government and at the same time, the higher the CCP is, we believe that the stronger the people themselves will be to shape really positive developments for their benefit.
 The Mr. Mr.
 E assumes the great responsibility to be in front of the struggles in the fight to repel any unpopular measures to extract and conquests to hear the truth against the mud and the mire of the dominant propaganda.
 But above all, so that our people realize the great power that they themselves have to determine developments to their benefit.
 To a certain extent, in these days that have passed, the conviction is becoming more and more widespread that going where the bourgeois parties take us only leads to worse and worse situations.
 That the people and the youth are worth so much more to them all they can build a world in which all the tragedies we are experiencing today or have experienced in previous years become only a past of this system that sees everything as a potential gain.
 The KKE is here to open the way for the people to become real landlords, as we say in their own country.
 For him to have the power to be able to command the wealth of the country so that he and his children can live in security, enjoy their lives, have their labor returned to them and be ready as they are today to contribute to take part in such a governance of such a genuine power for the people, because he has a program that puts in the center.
 Only man and his needs with socialized property, with a centralized scientific plan in the economy and services with working people's participation and real control.
 A power that gets rid of the drones that live off the work of the many and therefore will not be stingy in returning the wealth produced by the many to the poles so that we can all live a happy life.
 To really open up and walk on the highways of the future.
With these thoughts I would like to wish you again good strength, good health, good continuation of your work and to STAR Central Central Central Sterea to be successful.
 Thank you.
