 Good evening to all and sundry.
 We start promise.
 He would talk 10 minutes after the microphone to you and chat.
 This is what Marmadakis meant.
 The party wanted me to apologize for being late, but I guess I won't tell you why I'm late it's been written.
 I was just at the home of my fellow friend, Companion.
 A man I have in my heart and I think we all have in our hearts.
 Psarantonis of Psarantonis is in good health.
 Sends.
 Comrade agonistic greetings.
 And we're all thrilled because he's going to be on the state ballot once again.
 In the last place of honour, as it was in July 2019.
 Thank you Psarantoni.
 Since we started nominations with the most important of all the last day 25 statewide ballot positions, Alliance for Rupture.
 My place to introduce you to some of the persons who will.
 Recommend our ballot paper here in Heraklion prefecture is not all because as Kostas said, before we are in the process of creating.
 By.
 pioneering agonistic solidarity with young and young people who come old companions with whom.
 At some point we parted ways and then we met again, for example last night I was at the Gloria Theatre in Athens with Kostas Lapavitsas, with whom you know we have clashed.
 Theoretically ideologically, but never personally, and now our paths again.
 Yes, they were reunited.
 This is happening all over Greece, so we are leaving vacancies on our ballot for Heraklion and Chania, Rethymno, Vassilis for all the regions, because we know that in the next 2 or 3 weeks before the time comes there will be others.
 Companions and other companions, compañeros, compañeras, friends, who it is good to leave some seats open on our ballot papers so that there is room, so that everyone who can contribute can come.
 But.
 Well, we start anyway the election campaign and it is good to have some people whom you can know as today, that they will be on the ballot papers as the first and best is my friend, comrade, fellow traveller George Loyiadis, the MP of day 25 will be the last 3.
5-4 years old.
 I met George for the first time when.
 Without a programme almost in February 2016 we came from Europe to Berlin to found DIEM 25 and the journey is long.
 The second person that I want to introduce to you that you know, but you don't know until day 25 by now you may have heard about it, but we haven't officially announced it, is Marios Dionellis, the well-known and unexceptional journalist.
 It will be a great honor.
 It will adorn the ballot paper on Day 25.
 Alliance for rupture.
 With great emotion.
 I want to ask Michael Kritsotakis for the Fifth Regional Pact and.
 Which MP we were together in the House until 2015 and he declare that he is with us.
 Michael welcome Our paths are converging again and this gives us hope, agility and joy.
 Because joy is very important.
 The Left has lost its joy years ago and we must find it again.
 Joy is power for the left.
 I'm moving on to Apostolis Louloudakis.
 Member of the Central Central Committee.
 Meras 25 You are not an economist.
 Yeah, you should have been paying attention.
 Thank you, thank you for all these years, your contribution.
 And finally we have the carob peace.
 Which is a member of the 25 peace day here.
 Here's what's in the background.
 Irene caronite, is a trader.
 Born and bred here we are all together.
 Already the 5 minutes out of the 10 I have given myself have passed.
   Two words about the situation we are in.
 Just.
 This morning.
 I was with fellow travelers in Arkalochori.
 I don't need to tell you now what the word "arkalochori" means in Heraklion.
 But it does matter.
 If only for a moment to realize what is happening in Arkalochori, which is important because it is the tip of the iceberg of the misfortunes that have hit this country after the signing of the memoranda, especially the third and fourth.
 Consider.
 A fund.
 Irish-owned fund.
 Based in Delaware.
 How do you know why there's a seat in Delaware.
 Because if you have a corporation incorporated in Delaware, no one, not even the President of the United States, has the right to know who you are who incorporated it.
 Complete opacity with a bank account in Cayman Islands for money to go there with zero tax.
 This fund comes to Arkalochori and makes seizure and auction of houses of earthquake victims.
 That is.
 If I told you 10 years ago that something like this would happen, you would have thought I was crazy.
 This cannot be done.
 It's science fiction.
 What do the Irish, based in Delaware and with an account in Cayman Island, want the Irish to get houses demolished.
 They're even knocked down, they want to take the showers.
 The rubble that the mayor has no money to move.
 I want them to get these too because you know why they want it.
 Because the money is a lot.
 Bean by bean fills the bag or the Irish in Cayman Island Why.
 Someone had taken out a loan.
 In Arkalochori 20 thousand these with overcoats became 100.
 Today this shop does not make more than 10.
 Even if you rebuild it again Go 15 it doesn't matter.
 Do you know how much you paid to buy this loan.
 500 €.
 What is your soul what soul have 500 € Came the cashier gave 500 €, took the shop If you sell it 5 grand.
 He's put in 500 and he's made 5 grand.
 It's a lot of money.
 There are no such percentages win global capitalism from Arkalochori.
 We take them out.
 But you can understand why I say that this is important because Arkalochori is really the tip of the iceberg.
 Why this happens to one and a half million Greeks.
 Throughout the country.
 90 billion.
 90 billion.
 Do you know what billions means.
 To think that in this poor country.
 All and all our state spends five and a half billion on health for the whole NHS a year five and a half.
 90 are these red loans.
 And they can take all 30 of them and put them in Cayman Islands and think of a country that gives five and a half billion for health care and another five and a half, six for education.
 It will give them.
 20 30 billion to make on the Cayman Islands and not only that, not only do we let them.
 To do this looting.
 You know it.
 That the government.
 With the support of SYRIZA I have to say this.
 It has passed a state law that guarantees them 23 billion in profits.
 Do you know what this means.
 Let me tell you.
 If they don't make a percentage of profit that they have agreed with the Troika.
 Then you.
 You will have to borrow as citizens of this country.
 Basically to saddle your children and grandchildren with new debt.
 23 billion to a state that gives five and a half for health care to borrow 23 billion to ensure the minimum profits of the funds of the funds.
 Really the mind cannot contain this.
 And yet it is the law of the land.
 And the only party in the House that says no to that is we will legislate the abolition of this public guarantee and that will be done at the same time as a public company will be created to manage the red debts, to have a serious management of these problems without evictions, without auctions, without auctions, without annuities that end up in the Cayman Islands.
 PPC bills.
   Think about what a wind turbine means, never mind that there are not supposed to be wind turbines on land.
 Wind turbines in a maritime country like ours should be floating like they are in Denmark.
 There is not a single wind turbine on land in Denmark.
 And yet.
 Denmark produces 75% of its electricity from wind turbines at sea, how nice it would be if they were floating out there somewhere away from the fishing villages, away from the villages, out of sight and generating electricity for the people.
 That would be bad, but no, they go and set up a wind turbine 150.
 Measures.
 Third hand third hand third hand not even second German who do not want the Germans come send her here.
 So they destroy the whole mountain to set them up.
 And then what do you get out of it? Nothing.
 Why.
 The wind blows.
 So.
 The wind turbine spins, produces kilowatt-hours for free.
 Marginal cost zero air costs nothing it's good to have a minimum cost.
 The maintenance of the wind turbine.
 How much is this.
 Nothing is.
 Marginal cost zero you pay it as if this electricity has been produced from the most of the most expensive imported natural gas liquefied even to cross the Atlantic from Texas, especially after the war in Ukraine.
 And that will sound like a science fiction scenario in the minds of the common man like me and you.
not fantasy.
 Dystopias.
 These are.
 The current situation for this there are.
   Some people are telling us about the rift, you guys.
 Because we can't go on like this.
 Is it possible to have 24% VAT in Greece, when Germany has 19% and Bulgaria has 12%, which is a single market with us?
 Single market.
 Is it possible to have small and medium-sized traders paying this year not only the tax they are due, but also the tax that the independent public revenue authority estimates they will have to pay next year?
 In which country is this happening.
 That's what you do to a country if you want to bring it to its knees.
 This is the objective of the Troika.
   And SYRIZA, by saying yes to all this in the name of the Left, hit the Left in Greece, in Europe and worldwide, in a way that even Margaret Thatcher had not succeeded.
 Because everywhere I go I was in Cuba, where on day 25 I was twinned with the Communist Party, Cuba, in January I was in Mexico talking to the President of Mexico, Comrade Manuel.
 Wherever I go in Europe, in France.
 With our comrades there of Insurgent France.
 With the Die Linke.
 In Germany, you know what they tell me.
 We have not recovered.
 From that day of July 15, when you capitulate.
 Today.
 And that's the end of my ten minutes. I hope it's not.
 I violated.
 The reason why.
 I feel good.
 It's because I'm seeing people again.
 That starts to form on his face a smile that I haven't seen since.
 We have a sacred obligation to smile again, not to smile, but to smile again.
 Why there is the prospect of rupture why there is the Day 25 alliance for rupture End of speech.
 Because everything can be different.
 Well.
 The rules of the game are very simple.
 A woman will speak.
 This is how we always start in the future and in DIEM.
 Please keep what you say what you want what you want negative positive placement question but do not exceed 2 minutes.
 Not for me, but as a respect to those who come after me.
