Today we have with us.
The man who inspires us.
And guiding us on the difficult path we have chosen is our President Nikos Androulakis, whom I invite to the podium.
Gall for.
Friends, thank you from the bottom of my heart for this warm welcome here in Lesvos.
A reception that proves that the democratic party and PASOK have made a dynamic return to the country's political scene.
On May 21.
On 21 May this historic movement has only one way to go, victory.
But what does victory mean for PASOK?
Victory for PASOK means a proud homeland and a people that will live in social justice and national dignity away from the deadlocks that led our country.
SYRIZA and New Democracy.
They are annoyed.
And Mr Mitsotakis.
And Mr Tsipras, why are we talking?
And we express the view that the country needs a coalition government.
Who will stand in the way of the arrogance of these parties.
And we are even talking about programmatic convergences.
It is strange what is happening to us all over Europe.
Also, they are annoyed because we say they can't play the lead.
In these governments persons who invoke solutions to the problems they themselves created, can solve the problem of red loans.
The one who said Stisachthia and sold off the red loans of the Greek people to the funds.
Gal.
He can talk.
To protect the first home.
The weakest Greek citizens.
He.
That essentially eliminated all protection of the first home.
Or can they guarantee it?
A strong democracy, a rule of law, separation of powers, persons who have violated every principle of human rights and the rule of law.
Mr Tsipras.
With all his weapons in the process of his time, he shot at the independent authorities.
When they objected, whether it was to the so-called tender for the TV licences.
Or other issues, Mr Mitsotakis, who denounced Mr Tsipras then, is he not doing the same now?
The executives of Mr Georgiades are not the ones they targeted.
The people of the independent authorities, when they tried to investigate the sickening case of the wiretapping state.
So can these persons?
Which have shown no respect.
In justice, in the separation of powers to guarantee a homeland that functions according to European standards.
Never before has our country put up walls when European institutions asked to meet the government.
A few weeks ago, the European Parliament's freedom committees came in.
And the new democracy met none.
Why this shame?
What does Greece have to do with Hungary and Poland?
What is Mr Mitsotakis afraid of?
So here, all this proves that in the next national elections, all of us who stayed through the difficult times and believed in the movement of Andreas Papandreou, have a huge national debt to stand up to the institutional decline, the institutional decline that Mr Tsipras, Mr Mitsotakis, has led Greece into.
To put a stop to social inequalities, to put a stop to the politics that wants the few strong and the many even weaker.
Friends, we must and we have a duty to talk about the future.
Because the past is now well known to everyone.
One can no longer say that he did not know.
Perhaps Mr Tsipras had an advantage in 2015 because the Greek people had not experienced a government of Syriza and the far right.
Of course, I want to say what is common in the history of our country in the years of post-independence.
It is this SYRIZA coalition then ruling with the right not to forget modern history as well.
Nobody expected a tax policy that flattens the middle class and the weakest to be the first left-wing tax policy.
What is the coveted cushion that Mr Tsipras often invokes?
The taxes of the middle class and the weakest Greek citizens.
You know, a lot of times he just talks about it.
But forget what happened to the Greek people's money that was invested in stabilizing the banking system and which was annihilated in the summer of 2015.
I say this because we are all now very well known for our choices on the economy and for our easy big talk, but also for our choices on major national issues.
Mr Mitsotakis and a huge opportunity in 2019.
As he said before the elections, he said that the country should change its page, that there should be respect for the institutions, that we should not experience fake referendums again, that we should not experience a policy that exposes the country abroad.
But I want to tell you how many times the foreign media have dealt with the government of Mr. Mitsotakis was it ever for anything good?
It was a good bugging state because it didn't allow the justice system to do its job.
Why didn't he allow the commissions of inquiry to invite his nephew and the businessmen who marketed the Protato?
Because quite simply, Mr Mitsotakis has no interest in the truth, his priority is the cover-up.He knows very well that he is part of this choice to set up a morbid parastate in 2022 in a European country and you can be sure that this will haunt him until the end of his political career, which I hope for the sake of the Greek people will be as soon as possible.
That they are not worthy.
Greece does not deserve to have a prime minister who does everything he can to save his chair at the expense of the public interest.
Because I can't characterize otherwise all that has happened in recent years, and it's not just the interceptions.
That happened to many civilians, even to the heads of the armed forces.
If it is possible to the heads of the armed forces in a civilian leader but these were certainly happening in other decades and not in a normal European country in 2023, but is that all?
Today the conclusion of the Tempi tragedy was announced.
What does this finding say?
That everyone has responsibilities.
So I want to talk here today from Mytilene about the responsibilities.
After this tragedy.
Is it possible in a European country to have a competition in 2014?
There should be a commitment from the contractor to implement the project in 2 years, to deliver it in 2016.
From 16 to date it has received 7 extensions and has been endowed with 14 million euros more to reach 55 million euros all European funds.
The project is not being implemented.
And in October 21 the independent transparency authority will take a file to the Ministry of Mr. Karamanlis saying who is responsible and the work of the Telecommunications Authority that led 57 of our fellow citizens to the tragedy is not being implemented.
So today this conclusion.
What does it say about 7 17?
Does Mr. Karamanlis finally have responsibilities?
Who is the one who did not take the file of the independent transparency authority and take it to the Greek justice system?
Who is the one who covered up another scandal with results?
A year and a half later Greece has to live through this tragedy.
And of course, who are the people who made an illegal transfer to put in place a gentleman who apparently did not meet the necessary requirements?
Potential he should have had for this position.
But here too we see that the priority is darkness and not light.
So this proves once again.
That there is no respect.
No respect for issues that even involve human life.
Because the priority is to manage the political costs.
What happened at Mati.
Unfortunately we see it in the culture of governance and in this tragedy.
The Greek people are asking for only one thing, justice, but justice everywhere and for everyone and not justice for all of us and not for the cronies of Mr Mitsotakis and Mr Tsipras.
This is true justice, the justice that every citizen stands equal before it, no matter how powerful his or her friends are, rather than having some people cover for them in the face of such tragedies.
Friends and friends, their panic.
You can see it in this campaign, in every move, in every step.
They have organized a digital parasite with everyone's taxes.
With the taxes of all the Greek people.
It has been organised since the time of Mr Tsipras until today, a digital parasite.
When.
Someone goes and complains.
He was being illegally surveilled.
The digital parasite presented him as an agent of foreign powers.
When a young woman has the courage.
3 years before the national elections and not just before as the Syriza goals want.
Complain.
Unacceptable actions, felonious acts.
This digital parasite.
Trying to.
Driving.
In a very difficult position, with no respect for human rights.
So we have another duty on May 21 to end the digital parasite that creates toxic conflicts that devalues people, people who trivialize institutions with only the goal of the chair and power.
We have, he added.
We have a duty to protect human rights.
And prove conclusively that every young girl who is in a similar want.
He will be protected so that he will have the courage to denounce similar criminal acts.
This is how a normal European state works, not suddenly, and two and a half years of investigations by the Belgian authorities, and nowhere has her name come up.
Within a few seconds, her one photo becomes a flyer all over the Greek Internet.
These things only happen in our country.
So where are the institutions?
So where is justice?
Well, here is the duty of the democratic party, for this we are and will be the core of the democratic party in our country.
Because it is not only sensitivity, it is the duty of the Greek people to live with a quality of democracy and not with the devaluation of the institutions.
Friends.
Today I raised from your island the big issue of refugee migration and the minister responsible dared to give a false answer, saying that I should find out why Greece is participating in a matter that is trying to revise Dublin.
I want to inform him that Greece has been participating in this forum long before the government of Mr Mitsotakis.
So what do they want us to applaud them for not withdrawing from the forum discussing and supporting the Dublin review?
You know, populism is not only without a tie, it is also with a tie and a collar, as the government of the New Democracy proves.
So what we propose and we have a clear thesis.
Obviously for us the sea has borders, obviously a European state, any state has a duty to protect all its borders.
And of course we have taken initiatives so that the cost of border protection is not only the financial burden of the Greek people, but through the gallery it is also at the European level, because our borders are also European.
It's not just Greek.
But this is not enough.
It is not enough that they have been reduced today.
It has reduced human mobility is a global phenomenon.
It's not just about Greece and it's also about the pandemic season.
What are we going to do? Well?
We think that because there is no human mobility today, this will be a given forever.
And in 2000, when we signed Dublin in this form, nobody could have imagined what would happen in 2015.
That's how our state will work.
So what do we propose?
We propose that the Dublin review should be done immediately and be a priority for the next Greek government.
It is a strong wind, because the majority of governments in Europe are socialist and they must understand, together with the right-wing governments, that the burden of granting asylum cannot fall on the first country.
Anyone entering Europe from any border must apply for asylum in all the countries of the European Union.
And then in a fair way and not with zones for relocation programs, but with stable programs to be distributed on the basis of population and unemployment rates so that there are no social tensions and at the same time a real immigration plan, because today Greece is living another problem.
To talk about our farmers, our livestock farmers.
For the dormitory, for the hotels.
How many thousands of workers are missing from the Greek economy?
Is there an immigration policy or are we at one extreme?
Anyone want to come to the other extreme where we have a hollow immigration policy?
So we want a policy that is about borders and European reforms, but also has a real immigration policy, so that we can deal with the huge shortage of workers that our country has in certain sectors.
If this does not happen immediately, the country's growth will be undermined.
In too many areas of Greece the fruit on the trees is rotting due to the lack of farm workers.
And this government has done very little.
This is the language of truth, without populism and without division.
Because if we talk about the problems, we can find solutions to the problems.
Another issue also very critical for your region.
It is the health issue.
And today here in Lesvos I was also informed about the very big problems and shortcomings.
We have a clear position, we think that the Recovery Fund, not the 4%, but the 8% just below the 10% that the Italians are giving, should be given to a new national health system.
Our islands cannot be without strong public health to ensure the reduction of inequalities, especially at a time when our country.
It is third in private health spending across Europe, behind Bulgaria and Lithuania.
A low pensioner cannot afford these costs.
A young couple cannot have a larger family at this cost of living and it is very critical that we invest in the national health system in particular.
And in new specialties that are being phased out, resulting in thousands of surgeries being constantly extended.
Another huge issue for us is the cost of living in terms of housing.
That's why we have proposed a comprehensive Recovery Fund program that will create a pool of 150,000 homes across Greece with tax incentives with reconstruction incentives from European programs to open up homes, to reconstruct them, to build new ones from the Recovery Fund and so through this pool 150,000 families will have access to low-cost housing.
Decent housing.
If you see rents are skyrocketing in Greece and for 2 consecutive governments nothing has been done but golden visas and short term leases which further increase the cost to the ordinary Greek people.
And I say this because there is also a huge issue, the grafting of the Greek economy.
It's patriotic.
Through red loans to deliver.
Many thousands of properties all over Greece, agricultural land, factories, foreign capital assets.
They are interested in the development of the country, they are interested in new jobs, they are interested in the economic and social future of the Greek people.
All they are interested in is extorting the borrower to make a quick profit.
Can we allow all these people to be left without protection?
So, what we are proposing is that there should be an institutional framework where transfer negotiations will be done with banking criteria of transparency, so that these people can be given a second chance of dignity and not be blackmailed by powerful foreign financial centers that are leading the Greek economy to de-fellatinization.
This is a patriotic position.
All parties in the Greek Parliament have a duty to support it.
Gt PASOK is entitled.
To say that it is in the priority of borrower protection.
When the party that managed to protect the Greek people's first home with a memorandum during the first period of the toughest negotiations.
I hear some people saying yes, it's not Mr Tsipras' fault that he handed over billions of euros of red loans in 2015.
To foreign funds, because the lenders were pressuring him, he says.
Sorry, the pressures were stronger in 2015 and not in the 2 2010-15 and a half percent external deficit that Mr. Karamanlis handed us.
Did Mr.Tsipras, the Prime Minister of the so-called Seisachthia, finally lead our country to a huge negotiation watterloo that we are paying too dearly for today and the worst of all is that he is unrepentant?
And he exploited the social deadlocks that Karamanlis created for the Greek people and he takes the executives of Mr.Karamanlis and presents them to us as the saviours of the next day and not if this is the left, then we have a greater duty to strengthen the democratic party so that the country can have a real centre-left and not the left.
Ally of Mr. Karamanlis.
Friends.
Private debt is not just red loans.
They are debts to the state.
Debts owed to the efka debts that must be settled in 120 instalments.
And because we need to support people who are meeting their payments who are struggling to be green.
Their green settings.
Our proposal is to reduce the capital by 30%, when they have finally complied with the regulation and of course for those who are trapped in the Swiss franc and there are 80,000 families throughout Greece, 1/3 of the increase in interest rates from the exchange rate change should be borne by the borrowers and 2/3 by the banking institutions.
Friends.
A big issue for our islands and for all of Greece is the energy issue.
You know everyone talks about the green transition what does green transition mean?
It means getting off lignite.
And to commit to the gas that we do not produce.
As a result, we are vulnerable to a war in Russia or a crisis within Turkey and Azerbaijan.
This is what we want a country vulnerable to international turbulence, a country held hostage, not of course, unfortunately 2 successive governments have managed to make Greece a highly dependent country in the production of electricity from natural gas.
What is the goal of our patriotic project?
Greece to consume the energy it produces and this will only happen if renewable energy becomes a possibility.
For hundreds of thousands of Greek citizens, either through energy communities, farmers, breeders, processors in a municipality, or through photovoltaics on the roofs, so that every Greek citizen knows that our priority is not the energy transition or green transition to become a business of 5 big oligarchs in the country, but a tool of energy democracy.
As is the case in all advanced European countries.
But what does this imply?
This requires a network.
High energy interconnectivity.
Today the answer is, you can't get easy terms of association.
So why didn't Mr Mitsotakis use the strategic tool of the Recovery Fund to get a highly interconnected network so that we can move into this new era?
Why does he reveal it?
Mr. Skra's political choice and the 15th of August.
In the summer heat and not wanting anyone to notice what happened while space was left in the network?
By legislative regulation they hand it over to the oligarchs at the expense of the Greek people.
I say this because energy democracy is a socialist priority and some will tell us.
What is energy and democracy and I say to them that it was green growth there, when they were laughing at us and talking about green horses and today they are trying to make these policies a priority.
So it is our duty to show the way of the future by looking ahead and not just trying to make sterile debates with a small party objective.
Friends.
The Recovery Fund.
Unfortunately, there was an expanded NSF direct award.
To a few and the Recovery Fund loans instead of going to small and medium-sized enterprises that cannot borrow from the banks that are drowning in debt every day.
Because that's why the Recovery Fund was set up, to support with its loans those who cannot borrow from the banks.
The evidence is telling.
The first 1.1 billion.
67 businesses, large businesses, have borrowed it at an interest rate of 1.2%, meaning that Mr Mitsotakis has allowed the banks to give the Recovery Fund loans, which is new debt, but we will all pay it to 67 large businesses at the expense of small and medium-sized enterprises.
And without doing what other countries are doing.
To make coast another financial institution that without banking criteria to finance incentives for SME synergies, either with cash incentives or with new jobs.
All this proves that the current government had and has only one goal.
Keep the few happy.
And giving crumbs to the many.
And even crumbs from the taxes of all of us, as was done in the so-called reduction of energy tariffs.
Billions of subsidies for the powerful we are the only country that has earned energy producers more in the midst of the energy crisis than in previous years.
And they would say, "But there you go.
See price drops in the invoice and where price drops in the invoice from.
They got very little from their so-called excess profits.
Out of the taxes of the Greek people, about 2/3 of the subsidies they gave to the powerful energy producers.
So that's why we have another debt.
To fight for social justice and fair development that opens up good jobs for the children of the Greek people, so that they can stay here, create wealth, have families and deal with the huge demographic issue.
Which is a loop in the future of the country.
And not that money.
Taxes, European programmes to be money that supports speculation and not fair and sustainable development.
Dear friends, your comrades and companions.
Island policy tourism is a source of life throughout Greece and especially on our islands.
And I say that, even though I know very well what happened in the northeastern Aegean after 2015?
I know very well, because that July I was here.
From the very first moment.
Because for us humanism is not about enabling.
Huge gangs in mafia rings exploiting people to profit at their expense.
For us humanism was and is truly normal.
And an immigration policy that is done in a way that is visible and not making these people trade in the hands of slave traders.
So then and until today in the northeastern Aegean there is a very big decline in tourism.
What needs to be done?
We must finally link the tourism product with agricultural production and processing and set measurable targets for your islands and especially your island, which has a strong primary production with oil and cheese and other products.
To know the people who come here.
Those who taste the local products and how many people look for them on their shelves in winter in the countries where they live only in this way tourism will gain added value for all the Greek people.
Because then tourism will not only be an economic incentive for investment in beds, but it will be a policy of our state, as in Spain and Portugal, which helps the whole economy.
Also, it's very critical the infrastructure, the right infrastructure, the ports of Osiris.
Suitable airports the road network modernisation of the road network.
And of course a new spatial framework for the creation of new plants.
Friends.
Digital convergence can help very much in linking tourism with agricultural products, with agri-food, but there too there must be a strategic plan and we must bring local government into play what I am saying.
These are models that many European countries in the South follow.
And we owe it to as many lists as these models to follow them here.
Because it is the only way to create many good jobs.
Jobs that will keep young people in our country and not leave as happened after the years of economic crisis.
Thousands of doctors, lawyers, engineers and other young people abroad and very difficult to come back.
Especially those who have families.
So all this is a plan for the future for a strong Greece, a Greece of dignity, a Greece of perspective for all Greeks.
In conclusion.
I want to talk to you a little bit about our national issues.
For this historic party, the party of Andreas Papandreou, national issues are not a field of conflict with our political opponents, but a field of convergence for the benefit of the country and the people, because these issues do not concern one generation, but many generations, and concern the future of the country.
We need to make it clear that after the elections in Turkey.
This story that has been going on for the last few years must end.
The history of challenges.
The history of blackmail, the history of the instrumentalisation of the refugee migration issue, and there is only one way to deal with this: a unified European policy, foreign policy and defence.
Greece must take the lead in the creation of the European army Greece must take the lead in a unified European foreign policy.
We want a neighbouring country that respects international law.
We do not claim rivalry, we do not stimulate a climate of conflict.
But we want respect for our sovereign rights both in Cyprus and in the Aegean and that is non-negotiable and that means they are in debt.
It will be the duty of our European partners to stop selling arms to Turkey as long as Turkey does not respect the sovereign rights of 2 European states.
And of course, because on 14 May there will be a new government in Turkey, all this must be linked to respect for human rights and respect for good neighbourly relations.
Because the only path of stability, in which Eastern Mediterranean.
It is a figured out either Mr. Erdogan or Kilincaroglu.
That.
Every inch of our homeland and every inch of Cyprus is European territory that solidarity will make all European countries face.
The army is not a distant vision, it is the only reality that proves that Europe can stand on its own two feet, especially after the experience of the war in Ukraine.
The Greek people cannot pay billions of euros in arms to guard European borders alone, they have a debt and the powerful of Europe have to contribute that this money is money from our health, our education, our welfare state and our infrastructure.
That is why the message here from Mytilene from Lesvos is that solidarity is a one-way street for the future of the peoples of Europe, only with solidarity will we remain united with a common future with a common perspective if we continue to.
A little bit together and at most apart as the POWERFUL A conservative centres of Europe want.
Unfortunately, international developments, challenges will find us weak, as happened in the war in Ukraine.
Friends, in closing I would like to thank you and ask you.
These 30 days or so that are left before this great historic battle that PASOK will be called upon to fight.
To fight by taking the democratic party in your hands, its values, its principles and its history, only you, only you, the ordinary members of PASOK who believed in its contribution in the most important period, the most important era, the era of post-revolution, can bring together with all of us a great and powerful result that will lead Mr Mitsotakis.
And Mr Tsipras to be a thing of the past in the face of the modern future of the Greek people.
The future of social justice and national dignity.
Each and every one of you spent 30 days in every workplace, in every village, in every city.
Let us unite in the battle for a brave change, a new page that will give a new perspective to all Greek women.
And to all Greeks, good strength and a good fight.
PASOK is here, united and strong, and I thank you from the bottom of my heart for your moving presence.
Victory is close and from here on Lesvos.
The message of victory is strong.
On May 21, Greece turns the page, Greece turns the page back to social justice.
And unjust dignity or ancient or ancient dignity or value and the future of the Greek people is in your hands fight, fight, fight to be well.
Friends and comrades.
I present to you the victory ballot paper.
The PASOK Change Movement in the Prefecture of Lesvos.
Mamas, Michael.
Glass for.
Paraskevadis panagiotis.
Petrellis Georgiou.
The Magdalene.
Will.
From Lemnos.
And a king's bile.
For l.
I'm making us fight.
By winning.
Y'all for.
Lel for.
Glass for.
