No to tax prepayments. This is their life and their state ... And they dare to say that we will close the banks... Now what else do they say? People, you will lose the euros you have deposited in the banks if you vote for the MP25. Think about it, they dare to tell the people that they will lose their deposits, who? Those who have forced the people to spend whatever deposits they had to live on all these years. The people who are watching the IRS seize their bank accounts. Through the bank accounts they are taking from the poor what pennies they have. They talk about deposit insurance? Of course, we are not surprised, those of us who are a little older. We remember in 1981 the right wing screaming that Andreas Papandreou, like a new Hoxha, would turn Greece into Albania. Who has forgotten that? In 2015, do you remember what they were saying? That Syriza would turn Greece into Venezuela. Today, they are. They are screaming that the MP25 is coming to take us out of the euro. From Europe, from the civilized world, from the galaxy. They have no limit to their imagination. It seems we're doing something good. To be so alarmed that they would say such nonsense. Of course, that's what you get for naming the oligarchs in parliament who pull their strings. By explaining, as we have done before with the example of the TEN-T, the shenanigans they are up to, and explaining them to the Greek people, who, if they listen to what we are saying, understand what has happened. That is why they want to create a cacophony, a noise, a demonization, a black propaganda, so that the voice of MP25, our explanation of what their bosses are doing, what the shareholders of Mitsotakis SA are doing, does not reach the ears of the Greek citizens. Of course, the lie does not stop at the borders of the official right, PASOK, if Andreas Papandreou sees from where this PASOK of Mr. Androulakis is, you can be sure that he/she is being dismantled every day. But there are now some circles within SYRIZA that are flowing towards PASOK, not only have they themselves been pashokized, but they are flowing towards PASOK, who are suggesting on some TV panels that MERA is playing with the drachma. We will not let them mislead our members, our cadres, our candidates, nor the people. We are starting rationally. There are friends, fellow travellers, basic questions that every Greek must answer. Shall we take them with moderation and rational constitution? Firstly, we have answered a reasonable question, but it is necessary for everyone to ask it: is Greece viable without reversing the memorandum commitments? Some believe it is: Tsipras, Mitsotakis, Androulakis. We believe it is not. It is an interesting debate, but let us have it. Second, which cost is greater: the yes to everything in the Troika that will leave us with banks open for those with money, which are no longer too many, and certain desertification, or is the cost of a break with everything that makes Greece unsustainable that deepens the possibility of real growth that is a prerequisite for not deserting the country greater. Which is greater? The yes to everything that brings desertification or the rupture that can reverse desertification? This is a key question that you out there, who are not members of MERA25, who may not even be interested in voting for us, are invited to answer. Because what is at stake is the future of this country. Because if we in MERA25 are right, this country has no future. A fixed strategy to abolish Greek democracy, a fixed strategy for the creation and expansion of the debt serfdom is a two-step move, like a two-step dance move, which the parties in power have been implementing since 2009-2010. The first step is to cultivate a climate that expulsion from the euro means expulsion from the European Union which means national disaster. We are moving into this world: exit from the euro equals exit from Europe equals national disaster. It is the first thing you cement in the mind of the Greek. What is the second step? Every time people like us propose the minimum that should and can be done within the EU, within the European framework, you propose, for example, that VAT should go from 24 to 19, to 15. Anything, on red loans, something that is consistent with the European framework, the moment you propose that, they put the tape, we will throw you out of the euro if you insist. So we go to the first step out of Europe, so national disaster. Their result and goal is one: to put out of public debate any policy that puts a brake on the plunder of the majority, that ends obscenity, that prevents the plunder of the state and private individuals. They have been recruiting since 2010 seven big lies, like the seven plagues.