 Today we are concluding a process for the formation of the unity ballot papers of MP25 Alliance for Rixi. You are here several of the candidates in addition to the Members of the Central Committee , congratulations, thank you for honouring the ballot papers the announcement of the ballot papers today will be posted on the internet, it has already been posted on the internet,  but to give a tone a mood, an atmosphere, an idea of the concept, of what MERA25 Alliance for Rise means, with a very short video which will describe, will describe, will describe, will present the 15 the 15 of the State ballot paper go... Before the ballot box it is worth listening to the soul of the parties that as revealed in their State ballot paper, the State ballot paper of MPA25 Alliance for Rexis has in front of it the consistent campaigner our champion Sophia Sakorafa , followed by the leading professor of Economics of the University of Athens Nikos Theocharakis who in 2015, as Secretary General of the Ministry of Finance, was infuriating the Trojans by catching them hopelessly unreadable.Christina Baltatzi is a 34 year old Greek expatriate, a child of the crisis, an agronomist, activist and a conscript member of the Political Secretariat of MPA25. Despina Charalambidou from Thessaloniki, an iconic member of the Left, former Deputy Speaker of the Parliament, Member of Parliament and member of the L.A.E. The expatriate architect Kostas Stefanidis, Australian resident, member of DIEM25 and active member of the expatriate community and of MERA25 Melbourne. Panteion Political Science Professor Serafim Seferiadis, Director of the Conflict Policy Laboratory but above all , a campaigner inside and outside the Universities.Urban planner Christos Mouratidis, resident in England, also a child of the crisis, one of the first members of DIEM25 in 2016, is running as our third expatriate candidate.Alexandra Koronaiou Professor of the Department of Psychology and former Dean of the School of Social Sciences of Panteion, a member of the left, Feminism and Movements. Stathis Kouvelakis, for decades a professor at Kings College London, a leading figure in Marxist Political Science, a continuator of the tradition of Althusser and Poulantzas, a member of the Radical Left in France and Greece; our great actress Mania Papadimitriou, activist, former member of parliament and member of the L.A.E. Political Scientist Alexandros Bistis, activist, left-wing organizer, member of the Central Committee and Coordinator of Political Planning of Syriza until the summer of 2015 and candidate for the State of MerA25 in 2019. Marie Velonaki, for two decades Professor of Social Robotics at UNSW University, Australia, a world-renowned and pioneering researcher in Robotics Science, member of DIEM25 since 2016, candidate for State of the Republic of Greece in 2019. Alexandra Kasimi, iconic Athlete from May 1968 in France to today in Greece. The Economist, Author and former member of the political secretariat of Syriza Christos Laskos, who in 2015 with us, resigned and set sail for our common resistance to the "leftist" memoranda and finally, our beloved Syntenko, the legendary Lyraris from Anogia, our heartfelt friend and comrade, Psarantonis who, as in 2019, occupies symbolically, but as substantially as possible, the honorary position of our State Electoral Ballot.MER25 Alliance for Rixi. It is the State ballot paper that sets the tone that confirms what I told you at the beginning that these are good days with Psarantonis Xylouris closes the State ballot paper, with Sofia Sakorafa it starts. I think the other thirteen between them demonstrate the long road we have already travelled and the even longer road we will be travelling from today.