And I come now more coherently to the DEMTRA system.
Look, I feel a very deep human emotion, as Andreas Papandreou would have said, that they have now published in the Free Press, dirt, as Andreas would say, the front page of the DEMITRA system of MERA25. We have been trying for years to have a discussion about the DEMITRA system. Silence, dead silence. Now they have made us the front page. We thank them. They want to do it to demonize us, but it gives us an excellent opportunity, fellow travellers, especially you who are candidates, to go out and explain the DEMITRA system, to explain it proudly. To let people understand why it is a very important system. We're going to take it from the top. The DEMTRA system is an essential tool, a public digital transaction system that is not related to the banking system and is not locked into the Central Bank, either the Greek Central Bank, which doesn't exist, basically the Frankfurt Central Bank, the European Central Bank. It is a system that we should have within the euro. To put it a little more forward, Italy should have had it. It's an ideal system that gives degrees of fiscal freedom to the eurozone member states, a system that should have been there to strengthen our position here in the euro, which at the same time if in the event of a banking crisis banks close, either on their own, like Credit Suisse, or because Draghi closed them, they reduce the cost of such a banking entanglement. And third, if you need, if you need a national currency, the DEMIRA system can be the basis on which a national currency can be built very easily and at low cost, if you need it. This is where they start screaming, where they start screaming at us, where they abandon us. Are you talking about a national currency? Do you dare to think and plan and promote and propose a fiscal system of transactions, an alternative payment system that escapes the banking system with the possibility of using it for a national currency in your mind? Is it possible that you have such plans? Do you know what the answer is? Is it possible not to have such plans? It's like saying to a minister of defense, to a general, "You dare to have a plan what we will do if Turkey takes Rhodes"? It's my job. The job of the Minister of National Defense, the general is to have a plan in case the enemy comes in, what you will do. Does it mean you want war? You have the plan, because you don't want war, because it's a deterrence plan to have the plan for war. That's how you avoid war. It's the same with DIMITRA. We want DEMITRA in the euro, but if necessary it will also become our weapon in case of a terrorist attack by the European Central Bank like the one in June 2015. We don't mince our words. The bank closures in 2015 were a terrorist attack by the Troika. They wanted to terrorize the Greek people into voting Yes in the referendum. The Greek people were not intimidated. The right-wing trolls of the oligarchy's channels know this, they cannot tolerate that the Greek people went against their terrorist attack, against the terrorism that the channels of the interconnectedness were sowing. Remember that week before the referendum? People went and voted 62%. When they say to me again '15? Remember '15. I remember that the Greek people stood up and with 62% said 'no' to Draghi's terrorism, to the terrorism of the channels. Is it possible to have such a system, DIMITRA?  Of course it is possible. We cannot have anything else. The Greek state is bankrupt, it cannot support the banking system. The banking system does not generate liquidity, it charges you, it charges us huge gouge fees to pay with our money for their zero cost. You know when there's an electronic transaction, you have a coffee from an Everest, from a Gregory's, and you pay for it with your card, they charge you, you know, they charge the shopkeeper. Do you know what the cost to them of that electronic transaction is? Zero.  Is it possible that you have a plan to eliminate that cost? Yes, of course, it's our obligation. It is our obligation. Is it possible that we do not have a plan to ensure that transactions continue uninterrupted so that people do not lose their savings in the event that a bank, through the stupidity of bankers or because of a global pan-European crisis, fails? It is necessary. We are proud both of the technocratic excellence of the DEMITRA system and of the fact that we have the political courage to put it on the table and in the face of demonisation in the face of fake news to stand up and say, yes we will do it, you like it, you don't like it. You don't like it, but we will do it. When you are asked these questions, because as a candidate it will be the first question you will be asked either in a radio interview, TV interview, newspaper interview, maybe on the street. Ask them, do you think Berlin doesn't have a corresponding plan for what it will do if its banks collapse about having to go to Marco? Do you think London doesn't have such a plan? Only we don't.