Tell them: anyone who doesn't have such a plan, anyone who doesn't have a system like DEMTRA, should be the one to blame, not the one who does.
Ask them: don't you tell me, you who accuse us of breaking with the Troika, is there anything you would say NO to in Brussels and Frankfurt? something, anything... that is, if they came to take our children away from us, which is what they are essentially doing with the brain drain, would you say take them away, because the euro is now in favour of everything; is there anything you would say no to?
Mr Mitsotakis has shown that there is one thing he vetoes the EU for: the interests of shipowners when it comes to banning them from carrying Putin's oil. For the shipowners we have no problem, they broke with the EU, when we say break with the EU to stop the plundering through the auctions, ahhh you blew up Europe, Greece into being anti-European, yes.
Friends, not to belabor this point any further, it is clear that we are not touched by this fake news or demonization, and they do not even have, and in the final analysis, let me make a political assessment now, they do not even target MERA25-Alliance for Rupture so much, they have understood that we will do well. The pressure is going towards SYRIZA, you know what they are asking for right now? They are asking Alexis Tsipras and the leadership of SYRIZA to make a statement that they will never cooperate with MERA25, that's what the oligarchy is asking, "they are going for drachma", "they are going to close the banks", "you are going to cooperate with them"; the pressure is on them.
Of course, the leadership of SYRIZA has no desire to cooperate with us as we do with them, it is clear that the break between us is final, since they have given land and water to the oligarchs.  
Since they have not come to talk to us about red loans, about the energy exchange, about taxation, about energy, about the green transition, about anything. But they are being pressured by their partners from PASOK, Mr Vardinoyannis, Mr Peristeri, Mr Latsis, etc. to disown us. This is SYRIZA's internal problem, it does not concern us, friends, fellow travellers, comrades.
But it does concern us when the leadership of SYRIZA teaches us a lesson about the popular mandate and the popular will, when they say, for example, that if SYRIZA becomes the first party, well, we can't make them the government again if they need our votes because we will have circumvented the popular will. Are you serious; are you going to teach us a lesson about what the 62% of the will of the people was that night; are you going to teach us a lesson about what the will of the people is?  Listen to what they are telling us: they are telling us you who are addressing the Greek people and asking for the vote of the citizens to break with the oligarchy, to abolish the energy exchange, to abolish Herakli, to reduce VAT, to abolish mining, to break the agreement between Greece and Israel with the despicable Mr. Detanyahu, you give this perspective to the people and ask for a vote for it, get that vote and then betray that vote and join us who have guaranteed the oligarchy that we will do none of this.
That is, make me Prime Minister again, says a gentleman, so that I don't do what MP25 says. They consider this to be respect for the will of the people. They were not slaughtered. We don't chew, we tell the people what we believe, we believe what we say.Both before and after the elections, that's why we will black you all.