To add a few more items; Intrum Hellas. One of those toxic red loan funds imposed by the troika. They just put out figures for a 113% increase in profits in the last 12 months. DoValue +237%.  And they are asking us to applaud them! What do profits mean to these companies? DoValue has managed in the last six months to add one million citizens to their portfolio. Loans of one million Greeks. Just DoValue. And do you know that in addition to the 1.5 million properties they currently have in their hands that they're gambling with, which they're killing off, monetizing, making derivatives and taking it all out to the Cayman Islands. Hercules market people are predicting that another 700,000 properties will blush and add to that 1.5 million. How can they not listen to Greece and rub their hands together? The financiers of the world should cheer when they hear Greece. The profits they make as a percentage of their investments do not exist elsewhere. Only in bankrupt Greece. It is from the flesh of fallen Greece that predators and hyenas extract such profit percentages. Obviously, they get excited. Obviously they will give investment grades, because anyone who buys Greek private or public debt earns amounts that even Jeff Bezos of Amazon cannot conceive of as a profit percentage. They talk about investment. Mr Mitsotakis wants us to applaud the fact that he says investment has increased. But he does not tell us what those investments are. It's Intrum, which comes in, gives you three grand, gets you a loan of 100,000 and they consider that a direct foreign investment. For crying out loud! It brings three grand, takes fifty and takes it out to the Cayman Islands and that is considered an investment by our regime, by Mitsotakis SA. If the South West voters heard all this they would rise up and throw them in the wastebasket. Not of the trash, but of the trash. That's why they demonise MP25. That's why the black propaganda, they will close the banks, they will bring about another rift, we will have capital controls again. Why do you think they are pulling all these lies about 2015 out of the dustbin again? So that you don't hear what Intrum is doing. So that we do not hear what Vardinoyannis, Latsis, all these gentlemen are doing.