These are good days, difficult, hard days, election campaign, but these are good days, because this is not just an election campaign, it is being built in the context of the elections, the elections are the incubator, they are the incubator of what is being built, which is the new great Left that this country needs.
We have shown all this time what selflessness means, what putting the ego aside means, and that is where the alliance for rupture emerged from. We are not just talking about the entry of MPs from the MP25 Alliance for Rupture, who will be many more and many more than last time. We are talking about the creation of the disobedient, disobedient, selfless, adamant, fighting left, as a large faction which will not only bring back with more demands from itself, the no in the House of Hellenes, but will build a completely different path, building a faction and at the same time carving a road, which we will all walk together.

 Today we are concluding a process for the formation of the unity ballot papers of MP25 Alliance for Rixi. You are here several of the candidates in addition to the Members of the Central Committee , congratulations, thank you for honouring the ballot papers the announcement of the ballot papers today will be posted on the internet, it has already been posted on the internet,  but to give a tone a mood, an atmosphere, an idea of the concept, of what MERA25 Alliance for Rise means, with a very short video which will describe, will describe, will describe, will present the 15 the 15 of the State ballot paper go... Before the ballot box it is worth listening to the soul of the parties that as revealed in their State ballot paper, the State ballot paper of MPA25 Alliance for Rexis has in front of it the consistent campaigner our champion Sophia Sakorafa , followed by the leading professor of Economics of the University of Athens Nikos Theocharakis who in 2015, as Secretary General of the Ministry of Finance, was infuriating the Trojans by catching them hopelessly unreadable.Christina Baltatzi is a 34 year old Greek expatriate, a child of the crisis, an agronomist, activist and a conscript member of the Political Secretariat of MPA25. Despina Charalambidou from Thessaloniki, an iconic member of the Left, former Deputy Speaker of the Parliament, Member of Parliament and member of the L.A.E. The expatriate architect Kostas Stefanidis, Australian resident, member of DIEM25 and active member of the expatriate community and of MERA25 Melbourne. Panteion Political Science Professor Serafim Seferiadis, Director of the Conflict Policy Laboratory but above all , a campaigner inside and outside the Universities.Urban planner Christos Mouratidis, resident in England, also a child of the crisis, one of the first members of DIEM25 in 2016, is running as our third expatriate candidate.Alexandra Koronaiou Professor of the Department of Psychology and former Dean of the School of Social Sciences of Panteion, a member of the left, Feminism and Movements. Stathis Kouvelakis, for decades a professor at Kings College London, a leading figure in Marxist Political Science, a continuator of the tradition of Althusser and Poulantzas, a member of the Radical Left in France and Greece; our great actress Mania Papadimitriou, activist, former member of parliament and member of the L.A.E. Political Scientist Alexandros Bistis, activist, left-wing organizer, member of the Central Committee and Coordinator of Political Planning of Syriza until the summer of 2015 and candidate for the State of MerA25 in 2019. Marie Velonaki, for two decades Professor of Social Robotics at UNSW University, Australia, a world-renowned and pioneering researcher in Robotics Science, member of DIEM25 since 2016, candidate for State of the Republic of Greece in 2019. Alexandra Kasimi, iconic Athlete from May 1968 in France to today in Greece. The Economist, Author and former member of the political secretariat of Syriza Christos Laskos, who in 2015 with us, resigned and set sail for our common resistance to the "leftist" memoranda and finally, our beloved Syntenko, the legendary Lyraris from Anogia, our heartfelt friend and comrade, Psarantonis who, as in 2019, occupies symbolically, but as substantially as possible, the honorary position of our State Electoral Ballot.MER25 Alliance for Rixi. It is the State ballot paper that sets the tone that confirms what I told you at the beginning that these are good days with Psarantonis Xylouris closes the State ballot paper, with Sofia Sakorafa it starts. I think the other thirteen between them demonstrate the long road we have already travelled and the even longer road we will be travelling from today.

The messages, fellow comrades, compañeras, comrades, friends from all over Greece are overwhelming from Nea Smyrni, from Rhodes, where we were yesterday, from Thessaloniki, from all corners of Greece, from a world that had been defeated, a world that felt wounded, that hid in its shell after the capitulation of 2015, that magnificent world of no,   has been reinvigorated, even people who do not follow MP25, even people who do not follow Popular Unity, who are not in the groups and movements that have joined the Alliance for Rupture, they see people who are putting aside their egos, they see people who are creating a frontal united movement and they are reinvigorated and coming to our ranks. 
Some more bravely, some more timidly, some less sceptical, some more sceptical, but little by little they are coming and that is how the great militant Left that was so lacking in this country is being built and will continue to be built after the elections. For this reason, and I think that this is something very positive that we should applaud and embrace and that will give us great joy and satisfaction. The black propaganda of the system against us has started again; we rejoice in it, we love their hatred and their lies, because it means that we are doing something good.

 The hits below the waist prove that we are really on the right track. If the right wing trolls, the channels of the interconnectedness, were saying good things about us, then we should have existential angst, They are not saying good things about us, they are demonizing us and we thank them.

 Their target is a party that threatens them. The party MERA25 Alliance for Rixi, which is not afraid to name them and you know what; we update what we say every day, because every day a new scandal, a new snatch, a new plunder is launched by Mitsotakis SA and by the oligarchy that hides behind Mitsotakis SA and launches the new coalition government either with a progressive or a liberal bias.

 An example: TEN-T. We have talked over and over again about PPC being given to CVC in that predatory London hedge fund. Let's talk a little bit about TENEO. TENEO was given by the Mitsotakis government to a bank brokerage company called Macquarie, have you heard of it; the so-called Macquarie of Australian origin?

Macquarie has a long tradition of looting and criminal moves against former public bodies. In particular, this Macquarie bought the London Water Company a few years ago. It paid out GBP 5 billion, of which it borrowed GBP 3 billion and loaded it onto the company it bought. It's like me coming to your house to get it and borrowing from you to get it. And after they did that do you know what else Macquarie did? They took another 8 billion in loans, put it on the backs of the water company and finally put it in their pockets. These gentlemen own the DPA. Do you know what the DEDDEO will do with the help of the RAE and Mitsotakis SA from 1 May, but retroactively from 1 January? It will increase the unit fixed charge for our homes and shops from 52 cents a kilowatt hour to EUR 4.4. That is an increase of 752%.

What other party says all this? Have you heard any other party say all this? What other party has made red loans, Hercules, auctions, and auctions its flag from the beginning? From the first day we were founded, we have been using our tongue to warn the Greek people of the plunder that is coming. To submit a proposal for a law for Odysseus to replace Hercules and clean up this muck.

To add a few more items; Intrum Hellas. One of those toxic red loan funds imposed by the troika. They just put out figures for a 113% increase in profits in the last 12 months. DoValue +237%.  And they are asking us to applaud them! What do profits mean to these companies? DoValue has managed in the last six months to add one million citizens to their portfolio. Loans of one million Greeks. Just DoValue. And do you know that in addition to the 1.5 million properties they currently have in their hands that they're gambling with, which they're killing off, monetizing, making derivatives and taking it all out to the Cayman Islands. Hercules market people are predicting that another 700,000 properties will blush and add to that 1.5 million. How can they not listen to Greece and rub their hands together? The financiers of the world should cheer when they hear Greece. The profits they make as a percentage of their investments do not exist elsewhere. Only in bankrupt Greece. It is from the flesh of fallen Greece that predators and hyenas extract such profit percentages. Obviously, they get excited. Obviously they will give investment grades, because anyone who buys Greek private or public debt earns amounts that even Jeff Bezos of Amazon cannot conceive of as a profit percentage. They talk about investment. Mr Mitsotakis wants us to applaud the fact that he says investment has increased. But he does not tell us what those investments are. It's Intrum, which comes in, gives you three grand, gets you a loan of 100,000 and they consider that a direct foreign investment. For crying out loud! It brings three grand, takes fifty and takes it out to the Cayman Islands and that is considered an investment by our regime, by Mitsotakis SA. If the South West voters heard all this they would rise up and throw them in the wastebasket. Not of the trash, but of the trash. That's why they demonise MP25. That's why the black propaganda, they will close the banks, they will bring about another rift, we will have capital controls again. Why do you think they are pulling all these lies about 2015 out of the dustbin again? So that you don't hear what Intrum is doing. So that we do not hear what Vardinoyannis, Latsis, all these gentlemen are doing.

Surplus says. The Greek government has a surplus again. That's good in theory, isn't it? No, it's not nice. It's good not to have a deficit. Especially in a state that is bankrupt. Not having to borrow to pay salaries and pensions. That's good. A surplus is not good. If we had a kiosk, a business, a family, a surplus is good, it means you're making a profit or putting something aside. But when you are a state and you have a surplus it means a deficit for the people. Because if the state has a surplus of one euro, it means that it took it from the people and did not use it for public health or education, but gave it to the Troika and the lenders, or borrowed it to give benefits to Mytilineos, Latsis, Vardinoyannis, through the energy exchange, with all these IOUs called passes. The market pass, the fuel pass, what are they all? They had a problem when the IOU's were for the Greek people's resistance to the Troika, but now they use them just fine, they have no problem when it comes to subsidies of price, of obscenity, of austerity called inflation, of subsidies to their own shareholders, see bosses.

Friends, get ready for an escalation of black propaganda and scaremongering. For fake news that would make Donald Trump blush. The scaremongering of the right and the establishment is tried and true, and has been for decades. They used to say "people don't vote for them, they're communists, they'll take your houses." Now that the houses are being taken away by their own people, the funds, they don't talk about them. In the house of the hanged man, they don't talk about funds. Now they have a new scaremongering, you will have heard it in the last few days: "people, the MP25 will close your banks". Who is saying this? They dare to talk about closing banks by those who, when we became government in 2015, did everything to close the banks. Remember December 2014? A month before the January 2015 elections. Stournaras started the bank run by predicting, unintentionally, that there would be a liquidity problem in the market. This has never been done before in the history of capitalism by a central banker, i.e. to come out and predict a problem. His job is to make sure there is no problem. He is there to make sure there is no problem. He's like the fireman who walks into a theater full of people and starts yelling "run because we're burning!" If the fireman tells you that, imagine what's going to happen. That's how Stournaras did the bank run. And then remember Mr. Georgiades and others coming out and advising people to pull their money out of the banks to bolster the bank run? They were begging the vasta Gerouns to beg Draghi to close our banks so that a government that dared to say No to the privatization of everything for even 15 minutes could fall. No to the abolition of the social security system. No to 24% VAT.

No to tax prepayments. This is their life and their state ... And they dare to say that we will close the banks... Now what else do they say? People, you will lose the euros you have deposited in the banks if you vote for the MP25. Think about it, they dare to tell the people that they will lose their deposits, who? Those who have forced the people to spend whatever deposits they had to live on all these years. The people who are watching the IRS seize their bank accounts. Through the bank accounts they are taking from the poor what pennies they have. They talk about deposit insurance? Of course, we are not surprised, those of us who are a little older. We remember in 1981 the right wing screaming that Andreas Papandreou, like a new Hoxha, would turn Greece into Albania. Who has forgotten that? In 2015, do you remember what they were saying? That Syriza would turn Greece into Venezuela. Today, they are. They are screaming that the MP25 is coming to take us out of the euro. From Europe, from the civilized world, from the galaxy. They have no limit to their imagination. It seems we're doing something good. To be so alarmed that they would say such nonsense. Of course, that's what you get for naming the oligarchs in parliament who pull their strings. By explaining, as we have done before with the example of the TEN-T, the shenanigans they are up to, and explaining them to the Greek people, who, if they listen to what we are saying, understand what has happened. That is why they want to create a cacophony, a noise, a demonization, a black propaganda, so that the voice of MP25, our explanation of what their bosses are doing, what the shareholders of Mitsotakis SA are doing, does not reach the ears of the Greek citizens. Of course, the lie does not stop at the borders of the official right, PASOK, if Andreas Papandreou sees from where this PASOK of Mr. Androulakis is, you can be sure that he/she is being dismantled every day. But there are now some circles within SYRIZA that are flowing towards PASOK, not only have they themselves been pashokized, but they are flowing towards PASOK, who are suggesting on some TV panels that MERA is playing with the drachma. We will not let them mislead our members, our cadres, our candidates, nor the people. We are starting rationally. There are friends, fellow travellers, basic questions that every Greek must answer. Shall we take them with moderation and rational constitution? Firstly, we have answered a reasonable question, but it is necessary for everyone to ask it: is Greece viable without reversing the memorandum commitments? Some believe it is: Tsipras, Mitsotakis, Androulakis. We believe it is not. It is an interesting debate, but let us have it. Second, which cost is greater: the yes to everything in the Troika that will leave us with banks open for those with money, which are no longer too many, and certain desertification, or is the cost of a break with everything that makes Greece unsustainable that deepens the possibility of real growth that is a prerequisite for not deserting the country greater. Which is greater? The yes to everything that brings desertification or the rupture that can reverse desertification? This is a key question that you out there, who are not members of MERA25, who may not even be interested in voting for us, are invited to answer. Because what is at stake is the future of this country. Because if we in MERA25 are right, this country has no future. A fixed strategy to abolish Greek democracy, a fixed strategy for the creation and expansion of the debt serfdom is a two-step move, like a two-step dance move, which the parties in power have been implementing since 2009-2010. The first step is to cultivate a climate that expulsion from the euro means expulsion from the European Union which means national disaster. We are moving into this world: exit from the euro equals exit from Europe equals national disaster. It is the first thing you cement in the mind of the Greek. What is the second step? Every time people like us propose the minimum that should and can be done within the EU, within the European framework, you propose, for example, that VAT should go from 24 to 19, to 15. Anything, on red loans, something that is consistent with the European framework, the moment you propose that, they put the tape, we will throw you out of the euro if you insist. So we go to the first step out of Europe, so national disaster. Their result and goal is one: to put out of public debate any policy that puts a brake on the plunder of the majority, that ends obscenity, that prevents the plunder of the state and private individuals. They have been recruiting since 2010 seven big lies, like the seven plagues.

The first lie, and it's very topical these days, if we continue to say yes to everything, is that people's deposits in Eurobank, Alpha, Piraeus banks are secure. Ladies and gentlemen, fellow travellers, Greek people, if you are listening to us out there, your deposits are not guaranteed. There is no bank that is safe in the whole world. Think of Credit Suisse. If that was not safe and it collapsed, if Lehman Brothers in 2008 was unsafe and it collapsed, Piraeus, Ethniki, is not safe. They need a preparation to become safe, they need tools that do not exist in the Greek state. What the Swiss state did. A combination of a state with deep pockets and a central bank that has a printer that prints Swiss francs. And they printed tens of billions to calm down the Swiss banking system, that's what the Greek government wants to do, but can't. First, it can't borrow billions already it's bankrupt and second it doesn't have printers to print Euros. Which means what: the only way to make deposits safe is to abolish the monopoly that banks have on the payment system and the savings system. Example: with digital accounts of absolute security provided by the central bank. This is what the phrase I used in an article recently, which the system's trolls are excited to use to demonize us, and me in particular, "Blowing up the banking system" means. It means taking away their monopoly over the payment system, to get a coffee today with your plastic card you have to go through a mainstream bank. That's the end of the monopoly, we have digital systems. Mr. Pierrakakis could build such a platform, we would build it better of course, he could take the payment and savings system out of the banking system so that the savings of the citizens are not at risk at all. That is one lie. That if we're nice guys, savings are safe. They are not.

Second lie: Growth, he says, is progressing because the 2015 rupture was avoided, so we in MP25 who want the rupture again are the threat to growth. What growth...

Third lie. That if we leave the euro, we will automatically leave the European Union. So the MERA since it is discussing the creation of a national currency, if necessary, is not our policy, if necessary, so we want to take the country out of the European Union. Stop this nonsense. There is no mechanism to easily kick any country, even if it wants to, out of the European Union. We do not want to. I will come back to this. So the third lie is that if we leave the euro we will leave the European Union. That is not true, as Eric Edman very rightly said in a television programme that the New Democracy lie-truth team did us the honour of getting these statements from Eric, which were excellent. We must congratulate Eric Edman, who, representing the MP25, said one truth, they thought we were caught in the act, that is, if we are thrown out of the euro, we will make our own currency? Of course we will make our own currency. And they thought we were caught in the act. You have the DEMITRA system. I'll revert to the DEMITRA system. Yes, we do. We have submitted it to Parliament as a bill. Do you know why they dislike us? They can't stand that there is a party that tells the truth, that honestly looks at the people and doesn't sell them bullshit. That we tell them that a rupture has a cost, just like the revolution of 21, just like the NO on 28 October. Is there a fuss without a cost? Is there a break with tyranny, a break with debt serfdom, without paying a cost? Doesn't it take virtue and daring? What does virtue and daring mean? What did Calvos mean? He meant that you are willing to pay your cost of liberation.

Fourth lie. The policies of MP25, he says, will bring about the closure of the banks, as it happened in '15, when what Varoufakis did brought about the closure of the banks. Draghi closed the banks, so that today the funds can loot us with red loans, with the energy exchanges, with the TENEO.

Fifth lie. You talk, he says, about blowing up banks. I said it before, no, the banking system and the monopoly of payments, not the banks.

Sixth lie. You propose, he says, a parallel currency, because the DEMITRA system will create a parallel currency. Never. Parallel currency was Schäuble's idea. Pay in Greek currency and owe in euros. It will never happen. The DEMTRA system generates liquidity in euros as long as we have the euro, otherwise we go to national currency.

Seventh lie. You say you are asking people to make payments in IOUs.What are you talking about? Are you telling us? You who have made IOUs vouchers so that the Greek citizen, the Greek citizen, can live in humiliation? You dare to say such things? These are the seven lies.

And I come now more coherently to the DEMTRA system.
Look, I feel a very deep human emotion, as Andreas Papandreou would have said, that they have now published in the Free Press, dirt, as Andreas would say, the front page of the DEMITRA system of MERA25. We have been trying for years to have a discussion about the DEMITRA system. Silence, dead silence. Now they have made us the front page. We thank them. They want to do it to demonize us, but it gives us an excellent opportunity, fellow travellers, especially you who are candidates, to go out and explain the DEMITRA system, to explain it proudly. To let people understand why it is a very important system. We're going to take it from the top. The DEMTRA system is an essential tool, a public digital transaction system that is not related to the banking system and is not locked into the Central Bank, either the Greek Central Bank, which doesn't exist, basically the Frankfurt Central Bank, the European Central Bank. It is a system that we should have within the euro. To put it a little more forward, Italy should have had it. It's an ideal system that gives degrees of fiscal freedom to the eurozone member states, a system that should have been there to strengthen our position here in the euro, which at the same time if in the event of a banking crisis banks close, either on their own, like Credit Suisse, or because Draghi closed them, they reduce the cost of such a banking entanglement. And third, if you need, if you need a national currency, the DEMIRA system can be the basis on which a national currency can be built very easily and at low cost, if you need it. This is where they start screaming, where they start screaming at us, where they abandon us. Are you talking about a national currency? Do you dare to think and plan and promote and propose a fiscal system of transactions, an alternative payment system that escapes the banking system with the possibility of using it for a national currency in your mind? Is it possible that you have such plans? Do you know what the answer is? Is it possible not to have such plans? It's like saying to a minister of defense, to a general, "You dare to have a plan what we will do if Turkey takes Rhodes"? It's my job. The job of the Minister of National Defense, the general is to have a plan in case the enemy comes in, what you will do. Does it mean you want war? You have the plan, because you don't want war, because it's a deterrence plan to have the plan for war. That's how you avoid war. It's the same with DIMITRA. We want DEMITRA in the euro, but if necessary it will also become our weapon in case of a terrorist attack by the European Central Bank like the one in June 2015. We don't mince our words. The bank closures in 2015 were a terrorist attack by the Troika. They wanted to terrorize the Greek people into voting Yes in the referendum. The Greek people were not intimidated. The right-wing trolls of the oligarchy's channels know this, they cannot tolerate that the Greek people went against their terrorist attack, against the terrorism that the channels of the interconnectedness were sowing. Remember that week before the referendum? People went and voted 62%. When they say to me again '15? Remember '15. I remember that the Greek people stood up and with 62% said 'no' to Draghi's terrorism, to the terrorism of the channels. Is it possible to have such a system, DIMITRA?  Of course it is possible. We cannot have anything else. The Greek state is bankrupt, it cannot support the banking system. The banking system does not generate liquidity, it charges you, it charges us huge gouge fees to pay with our money for their zero cost. You know when there's an electronic transaction, you have a coffee from an Everest, from a Gregory's, and you pay for it with your card, they charge you, you know, they charge the shopkeeper. Do you know what the cost to them of that electronic transaction is? Zero.  Is it possible that you have a plan to eliminate that cost? Yes, of course, it's our obligation. It is our obligation. Is it possible that we do not have a plan to ensure that transactions continue uninterrupted so that people do not lose their savings in the event that a bank, through the stupidity of bankers or because of a global pan-European crisis, fails? It is necessary. We are proud both of the technocratic excellence of the DEMITRA system and of the fact that we have the political courage to put it on the table and in the face of demonisation in the face of fake news to stand up and say, yes we will do it, you like it, you don't like it. You don't like it, but we will do it. When you are asked these questions, because as a candidate it will be the first question you will be asked either in a radio interview, TV interview, newspaper interview, maybe on the street. Ask them, do you think Berlin doesn't have a corresponding plan for what it will do if its banks collapse about having to go to Marco? Do you think London doesn't have such a plan? Only we don't.

Tell them: anyone who doesn't have such a plan, anyone who doesn't have a system like DEMTRA, should be the one to blame, not the one who does.
Ask them: don't you tell me, you who accuse us of breaking with the Troika, is there anything you would say NO to in Brussels and Frankfurt? something, anything... that is, if they came to take our children away from us, which is what they are essentially doing with the brain drain, would you say take them away, because the euro is now in favour of everything; is there anything you would say no to?
Mr Mitsotakis has shown that there is one thing he vetoes the EU for: the interests of shipowners when it comes to banning them from carrying Putin's oil. For the shipowners we have no problem, they broke with the EU, when we say break with the EU to stop the plundering through the auctions, ahhh you blew up Europe, Greece into being anti-European, yes.
Friends, not to belabor this point any further, it is clear that we are not touched by this fake news or demonization, and they do not even have, and in the final analysis, let me make a political assessment now, they do not even target MERA25-Alliance for Rupture so much, they have understood that we will do well. The pressure is going towards SYRIZA, you know what they are asking for right now? They are asking Alexis Tsipras and the leadership of SYRIZA to make a statement that they will never cooperate with MERA25, that's what the oligarchy is asking, "they are going for drachma", "they are going to close the banks", "you are going to cooperate with them"; the pressure is on them.
Of course, the leadership of SYRIZA has no desire to cooperate with us as we do with them, it is clear that the break between us is final, since they have given land and water to the oligarchs.  
Since they have not come to talk to us about red loans, about the energy exchange, about taxation, about energy, about the green transition, about anything. But they are being pressured by their partners from PASOK, Mr Vardinoyannis, Mr Peristeri, Mr Latsis, etc. to disown us. This is SYRIZA's internal problem, it does not concern us, friends, fellow travellers, comrades.
But it does concern us when the leadership of SYRIZA teaches us a lesson about the popular mandate and the popular will, when they say, for example, that if SYRIZA becomes the first party, well, we can't make them the government again if they need our votes because we will have circumvented the popular will. Are you serious; are you going to teach us a lesson about what the 62% of the will of the people was that night; are you going to teach us a lesson about what the will of the people is?  Listen to what they are telling us: they are telling us you who are addressing the Greek people and asking for the vote of the citizens to break with the oligarchy, to abolish the energy exchange, to abolish Herakli, to reduce VAT, to abolish mining, to break the agreement between Greece and Israel with the despicable Mr. Detanyahu, you give this perspective to the people and ask for a vote for it, get that vote and then betray that vote and join us who have guaranteed the oligarchy that we will do none of this.
That is, make me Prime Minister again, says a gentleman, so that I don't do what MP25 says. They consider this to be respect for the will of the people. They were not slaughtered. We don't chew, we tell the people what we believe, we believe what we say.Both before and after the elections, that's why we will black you all.

In conclusion, let me come to the European profile of MERA25.
We started in Berlin in February 2016 as a pan-European movement.
We built a movement in which we are all members without having a Greek part a German part a French part an Italian part and even a British part.
We are all members of diem25
Those of us who are running in the elections of the derm25, those of us who are members of the derm25, we are an integral part of the only pan-European European, internationalist patriotic movement.
No one will lecture us on what a European profile means.
We are being told: but you are going against Europe. There have always been two Europes as fellow travellers. There was the Europe of Metternich and the Europe of Lord Byron and the Philhellenes.

Who is Europe? Metternich? No! Lord Byron. The philhellenes who came here and bled, killed, wept, sweated, to fight with us against the sacred alliance of the then troika. There was always the Troika and there were fighters against the Troika.
We are with all Europeans fighting against the Troika.
I will not forget the first Eurogroup I went to in early February 2015.
On that day thousands of Greeks gathered in Syntagma Square. In support of what we were trying to do that day at that Eurogroup. It was moving, but you know what was more moving? The seven thousand Germans who surrounded the European Central Bank building in Frankfurt at the same time, demanding that Draghi listen to the Greek government's proposals.

This is Europeanism! That is a European profile, that is the Europe we are striving for!
And for this Europe we are making a break, not with Europe, but against those who are destroying Europe.
Those who, knowing only too well what they did in Maastricht in 1992, created a euro, a currency that was built, my friends, fellow travellers, comrades, built the euro as an apartment building with many apartments, penthouse, first floor, basement, class stratified, of course.

But an apartment building with no windows and no fire exits. And then they set it on fire, the penthouse bankers, the bankers, all those who drove European capitalism over the cliffs, the banking global crisis of 2007-2008, Deutche bank, Finanz bank, Societe general, BNP Paribas, they basically set fire to the apartment building they had built, the Eurozone apartment building, with no windows and no fire exits, the penthouse bankers set fire to the downstairs apartments, that was austerity, that was privatisation, that was the troikas.
We are and will strive to put out the fire set by the penthouses and we will tear down part of the wall so that there are fire exits.
And we will not apologise to anyone for this, it is our European duty!
And yes if we don't manage to put out the fire in this block of flats, after we have built, fixed the fire exits, we will get out.
We don't owe it to anyone to burn our people for the penthouses of the European Union.
We don't want the drachma.

I grew up in a Greek capitalism with the drachma, it was not socialism.
Changing the currency makes no difference. The currency should be the servant of the people, not the people the servants of the currency.
We don't want the drachma there is a cost to leaving the euro, but we will not sacrifice the future for a euro that is used to achieve what the Wehrmacht failed to achieve.
We will not do them the favor of leaving the European Union ever! if we have to go back to our own currency we will create a national currency.

But we will never leave the European Union! let them leave.
One last word about Europeanism. We, the Left, know what patriotism means. What does patriotism mean? To say yes to everything in the government, whatever it is? The junta? Karamanlis? Simitis? No. Patriotism for us, the left-wing Greeks, the patriots of this country, is to be out there, to protest, to demonstrate against our governments. That is patriotism. The same applies to our Europeanism. Do you know what Europeanism means? Not saying 'yes to everything and 'vasta Geroun', but going against the directorates and the troikas that are destroying Europe. Because this establishment, which every Europeanist progressive must come to direct support and confront, this establishment in the name of Europe is systematically dividing Europeans.

As soon as the banks collapse, the Franco-German banks collapse and the euro crisis starts, of course here in Greece, before it goes to Germany, France, Spain, Spain, Italy everywhere. Even to the point of bringing austerity, now with Macron in France with the well-known results, they created a North-South divide to cover up the basic divide between German proletarians and German bosses, between French proletarians and French bosses, between Italian oligarchs and Italian small and medium-sized businesses.

Now, with the war in Ukraine, you see that this ... this division is shifting. I don't know if you read it: Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and some other countries, and Slovakia if I'm not mistaken, have banned the import of grain from Ukraine, which is their biggest favourite with Zelensky against Putin ... Why? Because their farmers are being destroyed. With all the volume of agricultural products being shipped from Ukraine to Poland the Polish farmers are finished. You will see.

The United States has imposed on the European Union that we open our arms to Ukraine, I am not judging, I am reporting, I am recording, which you know what it means. It means that European agricultural economic policy is coming to an end. There is not enough money for the farmers of the state of Ukraine and Poland either. So you see, they are dividing the working farmers.

 No longer North-South but East-West. That's the nature of cartel Europe, because the European Union is a cartel Europe. We will not leave any European Union. We will blow up their cartels and through creative constructive disobedience we will veto all that divides Europeans. Because that's how they work, they divide to steal from us. I was just listening to a fellow MP25 member what she faced, a few weeks ago, a young mother and her husband, they wanted to buy a house. They found an apartment they took out a limp-dick loan to buy it. They found out that this apartment came from an auction. Did you see how they divide the Greeks? What can you tell them? Don't take a house? Someone will take it. It's the basic strategy of an establishment that can't even reproduce itself, not even in classical capitalist forms. So we are the rest, we are the patriots. We are Europeanists. And since we are talking about Europeanism, patriotism, rupture and struggle, it is not only us, you know, who are fighting this struggle. It is also our comrades of Merra25 Germany who are running at the moment in the state elections in Bremen. They are out there, the Germans.

Friends, without rupture, without resistance, the future is as George Orwell predicted. He said that the peoples who do not resist should get their minds around what is coming. And the picture he described is a picture of a boot crushing a man's face. This is the fate of peoples who disparage rupture, who ignore rupture, who say yes to everything. The young people out there and it is a great joy, a great honour for us, for MPA25, to have such an impact on the youth. It is our great satisfaction and our great hope, our great joy that we have a great resonance with the youth. The youth out there have two questions. For themselves and for society in general. They ask us: who will protect us from capital?  From the oligarchs. The answer we give is: the state, the state. There is nothing else today that can protect you from the oligarch. But then comes the second question, the most poisonous and most interesting: and who will protect us from the state?

The answer: DISCEPs everywhere, Consultative Councils of Clerks and Elected Citizens so that society takes the state into its own hands. The rupture is aimed at this perspective, the socialization of the economy, the overcoming of capitalism, a self-managing socialism, a socialism based on socialization and not on the power of the bureaucrat. Friends, with these thoughts, you are candidates, you are candidates, you are candidates, remember what ... how I started? These are good days , enjoy them, have a good time. Because it is beautiful to take the message of MERA25-Alliance for Rice to the people out there, who do not know our message , who need it very much and who will understand how much they need it when you explain it. Enjoy our demonisation too, it is proof that we are on the right track. The elections, I will say it once again, are only one stop on a long road to the creation of the unyielding, selfless, disobedient, fighting Left that we are all building together, all of us together today and here in this Central Committee.
Thank you very much.
