"From today's rally, once again here in Thessaloniki, we want to say with all our strength, addressing the new generation, the youth of this country: You can make a difference.
 You proved it in the past few days all over Greece.
With your struggle you can claim your life and the role you deserve in the present and the future of our country.
 With your vote you can punish all those who have served and are serving a policy that mortgages the lives of the younger generation.
Strengthen the KKE a lot.
 The only party that appeals to young people and young people and says to them: Yes.
 We can live better.
 All the possibilities exist today.
It is up to us to make it.
 Because the tragic events of the last few days have revealed, through the great tragedy, through the grief and anger, which quickly became an organised struggle, a small part of what all those who project themselves as "powerful" fear: the enormous power of our people.
 Only the people save the people.
 And that slogan has been proven again from one end of the country to the other.
But they also showed the drive, the ingenuity, the willpower of tens of thousands of young people all over Greece who took to the streets to demand justice for their dead.
 To make "NEVER AGAIN" their own cause, but also to claim, to fight for all those things that have slowly and painfully filled the glass of anger and indignation for so many years.
Because, for this generation, the "we have been measured and outnumbered" comes back again and again like a bad nightmare.
 When in the natural disasters in Mati and Mandra the criminal responsibility of the state and all governments led to dozens of deaths.
 When, after the peak of the pandemic, the timeless health crime was completed with tens of thousands of deaths.
 In the repeated incidents of domestic violence, the murders of young women, the murderous attacks of fan armies and the various phenomena of decay and decline of this system, which are constantly coming to the surface.
 But not only there.
 Because the youth in this system feel the same way when they measure their rights to education, to health, to leisure, to access to open spaces, to sport and recreation.
When she opens her wallet and counts how much she has left after paying exorbitant rents, bills or buying a ticket to a concert or the cinema.
When young couples have their first child and count how many places are left in nurseries and it seems like they have to catch the joker to find a place for their child.
This is the reality that shapes this system, a system that serves the interests of the few and is profit-centred.
 This is the everyday life that the ND-Syriazas-PASOK governments of the past years have created for the youth, but also the policy of the EU, which all of them are constantly trying to "make oil".
 That is why the KKE said from the first moment and says it again: it is not the bad time or the bad country, it is the capitalist profit and those who ruled and rule this country.
We were the first and the only ones who spoke clearly and proved directly that Tempe was not just an accident, but a crime, and a predictable one at that.
 Because we knew very well the chronology of this crime and the real culprits:From the PASOK government that carried out the dismemberment of OSE in 2009 to the ND-PASOK coalition government in 2013 that "ran" the privatization and from there to the SYRIZA government that in 2017 sold TRAINOSE and burdened the people with debts of 14.3 billion.
 of the OSE, to continue this grim work today the Southwest.
But not alone.
 Because they followed the policy of the European Union itself, which, with a series of directives and guidelines, led to the liberalisation of the railways in order to open up new fields of profitability for capital.
 Besides, in the EU itself, things are no better, with over 600 deaths in rail accidents in 2021 alone.
Because in the end, everywhere and above all, there is the same big culprit, which is a system centred on capitalist profit.
After all, Mr.
 Marx, who some will call us "stuck" for quoting him 140 years after his death, had written: "Capital (.
) with a 300% profit, there is no crime that is not risky enough to do so...".
 Something like this was tragically reflected in the lines of Tempi a few days ago.
In the developments of these days, the KKE has shown once again that it is separated by an abyss from all the bourgeois parties, not only in its positions, but also in its understanding of the role of the people and the youth.
 Because, in these days, it has become clear how much the whole system and its parties fear the power of popular, youthful anger and the power that it can gain through organised mobilisation.
They were bothered by a lot.
 The government and its parrots were shaken by the thousands on the streets and that is why they called on them "to keep calm", not to let a "bad moment" spoil the "work" of so many years.
SYRIZA feared the fact that the youth "does not chew" and puts itself in the frame of responsibility.
 That's why he said: that "it's not the time to take responsibility" when young people were taking to the streets in their thousands.
Of course, it's not the first time.
 It has become a joke, the different versions he invents each time, of "we'll settle this later" so that he never has to account for it.
But also MP25, which, through Mr.
 Varoufakis, at the crucial moment, he said "no anger, no protest, no condemnation at the polls", only votes.
 Because - as much as he tries to hide it - he has his own share of responsibility, both with his participation as Minister of Economy in the government of 2015, which led to the 3rd and worst memorandum, and with his complete submission to the EU, the Commission and its directives.
 After all, when you lean towards "realism" in all cases, you probably want to hide the deep compromise that possesses you.
The people and the youth, however, have shown that neither the waiting nor the so-called "realism" of this system suits them.
 That's why, more than anything else, the system itself, the bosses, their analysts, are afraid and terrified of the doubt that is spreading.
 The questioning that embraces their parties, their state, the system itself, whose "GOD" is profit.
They are afraid that many more people are now drawing conclusions, that more people are choosing the organised struggle, because there were tens of thousands of people who thickened the blocks and banners of the unions, the student associations, the student councils, the parents' associations.
 Those who are looking for a way to organise themselves in the workplace.
They are afraid because the youth did not come down with vague slogans, with blind rage, but knew WHAT and WHO is to blame.
 She knew and knows WHY she is angry and WHAT she is asking for.
 That's why thousands cried out: "You count profits and losses, we are talking about human lives.
”.
They are afraid because even the sad attempts at provocation, which are now recognised from afar by young children, have not been able to stop the masses of young people demonstrating.
But this is the big difference between us and the other parties.
 The images that the other parties saw and were overcome with terror, we saw them and our smiles, our confidence and our certainty grew.
 Because, these images, we communists, together with the people, have made them all over Greece, from one end to the other, and they can become images of the future.
Because the KKE, the people and the youth, have them for much more than mere spectators of developments or mere voters every four years.
 He has them as protagonists, as those who will shape and determine the developments in our country.
 For those who will take power and with the KKE in front, they will exercise governance in a new Greece, different from the one we live in today, free from the bosses, the exploitation of man by man, profit.
Well, let's make this fear their nightmare.
 And their nightmare reality.
 The people should be powerful with the KKE much stronger and they should be weak, dazed and frightened against it.
Only in this way will the way be opened for better days for the new generation, for our people.
 Their system is afraid of the anti-systemic vote in the KKE, but the new generation is satisfied with their system.
That's why, right now, a lot of young red votes.
 Those young people who vote for the first time, to vote antisystemic, against the system of profit and exploitation, to vote for the KKE.
Our people and especially the young generation have a great opportunity this year.
 This time after the elections to be counted and get out those less.
 Not to get the "pips" and the votes to build the next unpopular government.
To expose themselves more, to "burn" the cards they have up their sleeves, to have a weak anti-people's government and a much stronger KKE, together with the people, to confront them.
 Not to be able to easily pass the next unpopular measures they are planning.
 To strengthen the organized struggle nationwide, everywhere, to claim all that our people deserve in the 21st century.
 To intensify the conflict with the whole policy, the strategy of this system that wants the people in the corner.
 So we can hope for truly better days.
Friends, compañeras and compañeros,In this "evil country", as in all the others, there is a very big contradiction.
 On the one hand there is a people, millions of workers capable of producing, creating, highly skilled and experienced, capable of.
There is a new generation coming up with momentum, fighting for their education, eager to create and grow, to exploit new technologies and what humanity has created, and on the other side, there are a handful of people, along with their governments, who are trying to limit all this power, to put the brakes on it, to subjugate it within the framework of their profit, who see young people and young people only as the necessary accessories and tools to achieve the coveted capitalist development, who see the rights of youth, of young workers, as an obstacle to their profits.
That's why many feel suffocated within these boundaries.
 This is why many young people today see their knowledge and skills not rewarded with decent wages, hours and working conditions.
 That's why many can't even work in their field, in what they studied or spend many years practicing it.
That is why the present system and its governments turn the youth sometimes into an army of unemployed and sometimes into an army of wandering summer workers in various tourist paradises, built on top of the working hell that the workers live in.
This is why many young couples hesitate for a long time until they take the first step, feeling and being unsupported in the new life they want to build, since everything they need is treated as a cost.
But this is what the KKE sees and thunders:Our country can have a better future.
 Your generation, with its struggle, with the KKE together, can make it happen.
Because today there are all those possibilities, which in the hands of another power can be exploited, to ensure permanent and stable work with decent working conditions, with a wage that will cover modern social needs.
 To create cheap, modern, people's housing for all, without the crows of the funds over our heads and the risk of the people being squeezed out.
 In order to provide modern, cheap, safe mass transport for all the people with a modern transport network in the big urban centres and not to endanger the people even in cities like Thessaloniki, where the right to transport has become a ping-pong ball between the joke of the metro and the buses of OASΘ, which are self-igniting, at the same time that thousands of workers, young people, students, pupils, etc. use these means every day.
ά.
To guarantee the universal right to public and free education, pre-school education and free public education.
 To support especially young parents and couples who are constantly living in insecurity and even the population of the country is being driven to decline.
 Similarly, to ensure the right to free health care, by upgrading the existing infrastructure, the hospitals, with an integrated primary health care system, which will not depend on the whims of "sponsors" and "benefactors", as happened here in Thessaloniki, where the construction of the pediatric hospital is frozen, because the sponsor withdrew.
To create modern, human cities, full of greenery and open spaces for recreation and sport.
 No caged cities, as is the case in many districts of Thessaloniki, which is at the bottom of the league table in Europe in terms of green area per inhabitant.
 While, now, any urban development plans that are being formulated are planning the creation of new hotel and conference facilities, not spaces that will give breath to the people and youth of the city.
To ensure in practice equality between the sexes, the structures and mechanisms that will protect the victims of domestic violence and especially children, and above all the social framework that is necessary to put an end to all those causes that create an endless vicious circle of incidents of rot and stench.
The KKE is fighting for this and much more.
 This is his political proposal, his programme for the power of the people themselves.
 He ties these proposals to the daily struggle.
In all the past years, after all, every young person has a vivid image to remember, when communists stepped forward in the struggles of students for safe schools and complete education, in the struggles of students against the plans for SA University, to prevent the police from entering schools.
 Through these struggles the students turned a new page with the emergence of the Panspoudasida as a leading force.
 To the young workers, to demand better wages and working conditions, to prevent the passage of the anti-labour laws on the 8-hour day and the ban on strikes, to the youth struggles against the country's involvement in NATO's imperialist war against Russia.
Struggles that should be intensified, especially now that the possibility of a generalisation of the war is more than visible, as the incident of the shooting down of the American drone by Russian forces over the Black Sea has shown.
We recall that such American drones are stationed at the US base in Larissa.
 And "let's not forget.
"The struggles of the youth must grow stronger now that the clouds are thickening over the capitalist economy, that the cannons of the big banks are bursting one after the other, that precision and inflation have swallowed the new increase - mockery announced by the government in the minimum wage before it is even given.
Not to mention the bad time passes that have become a joke among young people.
 But this is their growth and it prepares them for their next crisis.
Friends, the KKE proposal speaks of a state radically different from the current hostile state that our people have faced all these years.
 For a state that, as much as it suits them to put the blame on it in a general and vague way, reproducing the jokes that "there is no state" or talking about the "bad old state", in reality it does exist and is very capable.
It is a state capable of monitoring parties and whoever it needs to, but incapable of following the course of two trains.
 It is capable of carrying out instant electronic auctions, recording in detail all debts to the tax authorities, but unable to have electronic systems for the railways.
It is capable, where necessary, of speeding up and bypassing the "bureaucracy" of the "bureaucracy".
χ.
 for the supply of weapons systems, but not when it concerns the realisation of projects that also cover certain popular needs.
 It is of course capable of suppressing popular struggles and the youth of Thessaloniki know this well, they experienced it last Thursday, but it is incapable of protecting the people from natural disasters.
These things don't happen by accident.
 Because we are talking about a lever state in the hands of the bosses to serve the interests of the few.
 A class state, as we say.
A state committed to the EU, to the memoranda of perpetual memoranda, to the implementation of European directives, such as those that led to the complete dismantling of the railways, to the unpopular preconditions of the recovery fund.
This will not change without the overthrow of this state.
 That is why we are sure that the next government, whoever it is, will be unpopular, since it is in full agreement with all of the above.
They are betting, especially SYRIZA, that the young generation, because of its age, has not much experience, that they will be able to fool and grab votes from the youth, without having any contact with them and their problems.
 Simply by posing trivialized blackmailing dilemmas.
In recent days, this dilemma has become even more grim, it has been transformed by Messrs Mitsotakis and Tsipras themselves into a dilemma of who has more or less dead.
 That's what their decline has come to.
 That's how low they think the bar of our people is.
But so far.
 Our people mourned victims, their own children with all the.
 And the 102 in Mati and the 25 in Mandra and the 57 now in Tempe and so many others.
 We can no longer count lost human lives.
 We must earn our lives, the life we deserve.
This is precisely why these dilemmas are actually shaming every young person who wants to look to the future with their head held high.
 Why youth cannot limit their hopes by looking for the "less is worse" option.
That's why there is a massive "no one" response to the questions asked by their own pollsters about which of the two can best solve the big problems.
 Not by chance.
 The new generation both knows and has its own experience to judge.
He knows that the criminal policy has a common signature with that of the New Democracy and that of Syriza.
 He knows that whenever he chose the so-called lesser evil, the greater evil came.
 Why the 2nd memorandum of ND brought the 3rd of SYRIZA.
 And the SYRIZA government, brought the "more evil" of Mitsotakis and off again from the beginning.
 She knows that every law that put its stamp on her life was prepared by one to be completed by another.
This is what happened with the equating of university degrees with colleges, with the law on strikes, with the Hatzidakis law, with the school - examination centre, with the country's involvement in the war in the plans of the USA and NATO.
He also knows that at every critical moment for the government of the Southwest, SYRIZA was there to give it a cushion of security.
 The youth know all this, which is why many - especially now - answer "none".
But this "nobody" will only gain strength if it is transformed into a decisive, mass vote for the KKE.
 In the face of the parties that have brought us here, neither blind indignation nor painless choices for the so-called "small parties" will suffice.
 After all, there is plenty of experience of these too.
They present "small" parties for all tastes, in order to grab again especially the youth vote in an oblique way and to be led back to the "big" parties.
 Parties that are formed and disbanded overnight after they have played their role.
 That's not what happened with parties that now most of you don't know or don't even remember.
 Such as the "Democratic Left", the Democratic Party of the Left, the Democratic Party of the Left.
 Like "the River".
 The Leventis of the "Union of Centrists" who went from being a caricature of a person to the Parliament.
But also with the extreme right-wing formations, such as LAOS, which has become a breeding ground for the Southwest.
All these parties, after grabbing the vote of the people and submitting it in support of unpopular governments, memoranda and bills, ended up being dissolved and dissipated in Southwest and Syriza.
Even the most recent one, MP25, has been left with only 6 MPs, since the rest either became independent or joined SYRIZA and PASOK.
 And it makes sense, since these parties have the same strategy, so they are communicating vessels.
But also the "Hellenic Solution" formation of Velopoulos, which is mainly active here in Northern Greece, is it not a collection of temporarily disillusioned New Democrats who are ready to cast their votes for a more "right-wing" government?
Besides, Mr.
 Velopoulos knows about them.
 He had given his vote, before he set up his own shop, to the coalition of the Southwest - PASOK - LAOS government as a member of the LAOS at the time, and then he supported the coalition with PASOK in 2012-2015 as a member of the Southwest, to which he moved.
The youth, finally, knows well the criminal role of the fascists, the orphans of Golden Dawn.
 Our people and youth crushed them and sent them to the dustbin.
 Especially here in Thessaloniki, when he confronted them in the schools and in the neighborhoods.
They are creations of the rottenness of the system that feed racism, intolerance, hatred for organized struggle, custom-made by their respective bosses, supported openly and directly by businessmen - drones, by dark and suspicious circuits, to lead them on paths that are painless for the system, of course, but extremely dangerous for the people and the youth.
Our people cannot forget what history has recorded and what history has recorded.
 And because 80 years ago, these days, from the old railway station, the Jews who were here in Thessaloniki, Greek citizens, the Nazi German conquerors were loading the trains to take them to the Holocaust, to the crematoria, to Dachau and Auschwitz in Germany.
 This is what today's fascists also glorify and we must remember this today.
Our people must speak out again, both in elections and in the struggles, to send all the Nazis - no matter what they call themselves - to the grave once and for all.
There is also the experience of abstention, which now, many are selling it as a so-called choice that supposedly bothers the system and "scares" it.
 But they're serious.
Since the youth have already spoken.
 And very loudly.
 And she will speak again and at the polls with her vote.
 With a vote for the KKE.
 We know that the minions of the system are happy when the people and the youth abstain.
 This abstinence is also what they seek in general.
 Abstention first of all from the struggle, from its organization.
Besides, in the previous elections, the abstention rate reached 43%.
 None of them were bothered, on the contrary.
 For the youth there is only one choice if they want their vote not to be distorted, not to be misinterpreted.
 If she wants to disturb and frighten them, to express genuinely what she is feeling inside at this moment.
And that option is only the JRC.
 Because, especially now, it is the only vote that is the natural continuation of the very massive youth mobilisations.
 It directly strengthens the voice of youth in the Parliament as well.
It is certain that this vote will return to the struggle that every young person gives in their everyday life for their rights.
But also because it is a vote that is incompatible with the subjugation and the unpopular one-way street that this system cultivates, of punishment towards those who brought us here and prepared the crime in Tempe, of revealing the truth about everything that happens against the people, honesty and trust in the power that the people and the youth hold in their hands, disobedience to those who call on us to show "prudence" and "restraint", hope and optimism to strengthen the struggle for an overall better life.
Besides, the "NEVER AGAIN" that our people shouted at the ballot box has a ballot paper.
 The ballot paper with the hammer and sickle of pride and disobedience.
 The ballot paper of the KKE.
Because, contrary to what the various well-wishers and sudden "friends" of the youth try to tell them, the verse "Well, whatever the stars are, I'll take out my tongue on them" is absolutely true for the young people of this country.
"So we'll get their tongues out too: now JCE.
Thousands of young votes to give a big political blow to this system, to make everything that others fear, everything that we hope and dream of come true.
 To turn into a rushing river, like the popular rivers that poured into the streets of all Greece.
Become an unyielding fight for a better life.
 Because only the people can save the people, on the road of subversion, with a much stronger KKE.
».
