 As the same special report of the European Court of Auditors on Railways states, in 2017, the delay in introducing modern electronic systems in all EU countries resulted in costly investments, without generally bringing direct benefits to those who bear the burden.  Yes, they are asked to bear the cost.  So let them stop, we say, the new democracy and SYRIZA, because they are all co-responsible.  One was completing the piece of the puzzle made by the other for the notorious liberalisation of the railways, for the implementation of the European Union's policy.  Mr E will not stop for a moment to fight for a modern, fast, safe and cheap means of transporting people and goods throughout the country.  This of course presupposes liberation from the rails of profit, presupposes transport and infrastructure in order to satisfy the expanded social needs of the people.  Through a single state agency utilizing all the modern achievements of science and technology, integrated into a centralized scientific planning of the economy with social ownership and worker control.  This needs to be done today and not to make fun of the sinful state of the cost-benefit logic of the state, of direct awards and tenders that provide hot money, of the state that acts as the collective representative of the interests of the monopolies, can this state be the guarantor of a safe modern railway?  Through a nationalization, as the re-nationalization of it, as other forces that before were, say, in favour of privatization, as is for example the Greek solution, as is Day 25 and others of this wider opportunist space, say.  We are not fighting to return to the problematic yesterday in the problem state, but to build tomorrow. Taking advantage of developments in science, of the potential of production itself, today the state is a state for the few and privatises sectors when capital needs it, or nationalises these sectors or others at the same time, when capital itself needs it.  Besides, let's not go too far. 