 	So that's not what scares them, nor could it be, since they themselves are promoting it.  	What they really fear is the prospect, the now tangible possibility, that the anger and indignation of the people and the youth will be transformed, in mass terms, into a conscious attitude of questioning their policies and choices.  To make rage a force of subversion.  To express itself in the elections with hundreds of thousands of young anti-systemic, militant votes in the KKE. Comrades, Your Conference today confirms that the KKE assumes a great responsibility to lead the working-people's majority, to contribute as a vanguard to the overthrow of the present correlation between the two.  		The KKE assumes the great responsibility not only to be in front of the struggles to repel new anti-people's measures, to wrest conquests, to hear the truth against the mud and the mire of the dominant propaganda.  But above all to make people realise the great power they have to determine developments in their favour. 		To become more and more massively convinced that the bourgeois parties' "let's go wherever they go" only leads to worse and worse situations.  That the people, the young people are for much more, they deserve everything.  They can build a world in which all the tragedies we are experiencing today will only become a past of this system that sees everything in terms of how to make more profit. 		The KKE is ready from today to contribute, to take part in a genuine workers' power, in a power of the people that will be in charge.  It has a Programme that puts only the human being and his needs at the centre, that gets rid of the drones who live off the work of the many. 		With the people and KKE as the protagonist, we can take breaths of relief, to prevent - delay - reverse old and new anti-people's measures, to have new conquests, to open the way for radical changes and reversals through the conflict with the system of the present ruling class and its state, with the people at the helm of power. 		This is the road we are trying to open through all the battles we are fighting today and tomorrow. 		Good luck in the continuation of your work.  Good strength and health to all and all.  