(Foreign publication) - PRESS RELEASE - JKE - Speech by the President of the Greek Communist Party.
γ.
 Dimitris Koutsouba, at an event of the K.
Ε.
 on International Women's DaySpeech by Dimitris Koutsoumbas, General Secretary of the KKE KKE Central Committee, at an event of the KKE Central Committee on International Women's DayCompañeras and comrades, Friends and friends, We would like to take this opportunity to salute the overwhelming, massive and magnificent participation of the people and youth in the strike rallies from all over Greece.
	In particular, we want to salute the tens of thousands of pupils and students who, with their youth, their determination and their clear vision, flooded the streets and squares in all major cities and shouted with conviction "this crime will not be forgotten".
	Yes, it will not be forgotten, we will see to it, all of us, all of us.
 	So today, International Women's Day, the shadow of grief and anger casts a heavy shadow over the tragic train accident in Tempe.
 	Seeing the eyes of mothers, fathers, relatives, friends, flooded with pain for the lost children, we grit our teeth because we have no right to remain silent.
 In order not to let the predestined crime be forgotten, covered up.
 	Because what hurts us and shocks us is not a one-act play, only to look for what went wrong, who did not play their role properly... The workers' warnings leave no room for second thoughts.
 	The new tragedy is the result of a long chain of decisions, laws and directives - European and Greek - that were jointly passed and implemented by the bourgeois parties that ruled.
 That is, the New Democracy, SYRIZA, PASOK, promoting the liberalization of rail transport work on the basis of business-capitalist profit.
 Related to this criterion is the fact that the railway infrastructure remained in the hands of the State.
 This is the criterion by which the development of fixed-track transport in Greece lagged behind.
 	The maximum possible safety with the use of modern scientific and technological means, the recruitment of permanent, properly trained staff, were cut down on the basis of "cost" both for the purely privatized parts of the railway and for those managed by the urban state.
 	All this works against the need of workers and youth for safe, cheap and modern transport.
 	But these are not the choices of a single government, a single Minister.
 It has to do mainly with how competition and the shares of the monopolies in Europe, in the whole capitalist world, have been shaped over time.
 It affects whether and how much sea, road, rail and air transport develops.
 	All this is related to the choices of the EU, to the interests of the capitalists in Greece, as expressed in the respective policies of all bourgeois parties and governments.
 That is why they are not entitled today to talk about the "unique exception of delay" in Greece.
 Nor are they entitled to blame each other, detached from the totality of their choices.
 	As a Party we look into the eyes of every woman who is angered by such moments.
 Every employed and unemployed, self-employed, self-employed, freelancer, every young mother who wonders how she can feel secure for herself and her children.
 	It is our duty towards the victims of the crime in Tempe, towards our children, to strengthen the current of struggle against politics and the state that leave the people and their children unprotected, because they protect the competitiveness and profitability of the conglomerates.
	That is why every woman has before her a crucial and decisive choice for her future.
 To show confidence in the slogan born in the daily battles: That only the people can save the people on the road of subversion, with a strong KKE.
 Such is the content of the call for militant solidarity with the KKE in all battles.
 	On this path she can draw courage, strength, hope, change her life.
 Fighting, with her participation in the daily struggle and her vote in the elections.
 	A strong KKE means that it strengthens the current of fighters who do not compromise.
 The current of militants who can overturn the logic that the bourgeois parties must be strengthened by the elections in order to ensure a "stable government", as they say.
 Stable for them, for the drones they serve, stable for their profits, but full of insecurity and instability for the people, working women, young people and youth.
	Every vote for the KKE that is taken away from the bourgeois parties weakens the full frontal attack of the next government and the business groups on our rights, on our income, on our lives.
 	The stronger the KKE, the stronger the workers', people's demands, the stronger the opposition to the anti-people's policy.
 The stronger the people become to put obstacles in the way, to wrest conquests.
 The weaker the bourgeois political system of injustice and barbarism will be.
 	In the run-up to the elections, both ND and SYRIZA, as well as PASOK and the other parties, intensify the false dilemmas and blackmail.
 They create illusions that the answer to the current deadlocks and the suffocation felt by the women of the working, popular majority is the supposedly immediate and "costed" solutions of the programmes of the various government parties of the bourgeois establishment.
	But the questions are relentless: Can women's modern rights, for example at work, be met without clashing with the long-standing policies of all governments and the EU guidelines on women's employment?
 	They cannot.
 No matter how much they try to dress up in the "progressive" cloak of gender equality and equal opportunities, the intensity of the exploitation and oppression of women on behalf of capital.
 	They provocatively present irregular working hours as a convenience for the working mother... Work in the form of telecommuting, working from home, project contracts.
 	In fact, it is the coercion of women into "flexible" work, under the weight of the objective difficulties in their living and working conditions.
 	This blurs the boundaries between the actual working time and the personal time of an employed working woman who is also looking after her family.
 She is burdened with the tedious and laborious housework, while she is racing to deliver projects to her work.
	It is a challenge for the New Democracy government to boast that during its time, Greece recorded the largest reduction in the unemployment rate of women in the EU.
 She says this when working women continue to experience job insecurity.
 Such as:The workers of the short-term work programmes, who are about to retire and will soon be dismissed.
 Salaried scientists, dubbed "collaborators" and there is no provision for them to have maternity leave, "special purpose" leave, parental leave and related benefits.
 Women shop assistants, who work more and more Sundays, as a prerequisite for the profits of the giants of commerce, the super market chains, to increase their profits.
 Pregnant women, dismissed in the name of the alleged expiry of the contract.
 Why maternity is a cost to the state and employers.
 	This is the anti-labour edifice built by all the governments, both the New Democracy, SYRIZA, PASOK and the New Democracy governments.
 Now, new proposals are being worked on.
 	The solution - they say - is for the burden that women bear in caring for young children and elderly parents to be shared equally between the sexes.
 In general, no one and no one can argue with this.
 	But, unfortunately, their desire is not for both working parents to contribute to the care of the children, as they claim for the paternity leave extended by the Hatzidakis law and the votes of ND, PASOK, SYRIZA.
 These measures mainly serve the need of some monopolies, such as in the IT sector, to attract a skilled scientific workforce of both sexes.
 Because they want to exploit the "innovation" patent, in the context of scientific and technological development, to improve their position in the merciless competition.
 	That is why they seek to place the burden of raising a child on the parent whose interruption of work for a few months is not an obstacle to the needs and profitability of capital.
 Such is their "sensitivity" for the support of motherhood that the government of the Southwest, as the government of SYRIZA did in the past, rejected the relevant very important amendment of the KKE.
 	It is an amendment that provided for the abolition of the unacceptable provision, which sets as a condition of leave and maternity allowance, the completion of 200 points in the last 2 years, thus excluding thousands of working mothers from basic protection measures.
 	They also rejected the KKE amendment on self-employed women professionals and scientists and on women farmers.
 That is, they rejected the maternity leave allowance 2 months before and 6 months after childbirth, regardless of insurance coverage, at the level of the minimum wage with the responsibility of the state, with simultaneous exemption from social security contributions.
Dear friends, The struggles of working women can find a way out in the positions of the KKE, which is not bound by the capitalist employers and the corrupt EU.
  This is why the KKE is stepping forward.
 - For the non-negotiable right to permanent and stable employment for all in the field of specialisation and with the possibility of free retraining.
- For full labour and social security rights, with Collective Labour Agreements.
- Reduction of working hours, with fixed working hours.
- Measures to protect maternity, the female organism.
- For substantial increases in wages and pensions.
- To abolish the anti-worker laws, such as the Hatzidakis law and others.
Compañeras and compañeros, Friends and friends, Today, every woman can account for and judge the politics of the other parties, which are competing for which one will take over the bourgeois -hands-on anti-people's- government or play a wild card role in it.
  Both the government of the New Democracy, as well as SYRIZA and PASOK before it, proclaim, despite any differentiations, that the stability of the economy, the explosion of investments, will benefit us all.
 	But the reality is that the bloody road of capitalist growth has as a precondition the reduction of state funding for public social structures.
 Everything that is necessary to support the family is almost exclusively the responsibility of the individual.
 	The "investment opportunities", i.e. the provocative support of capital with new incentives and privileges, are even conditional on cutting state expenditure: - on pensions, - on benefits for the disabled, - but also on family allowances, - on care for the elderly, - on health, medicine.
 	At the same time, they support entrepreneurship in these sectors in many ways.
 The example of medically assisted reproduction and reproductive health is a case in point.
 	The new framework was recently passed by ND, PASOK, with the tolerance of SYRIZA.
 This law reinforces the dominance of private mega hospitals, since only 7 of the approximately 55 relevant units operate in public hospitals.
 Its provisions do not respond to the modern needs of couples who look to science for help, but to the investment plans of private sector giants for the development of medical tourism.
  	Here they did not hesitate to remove any safeguards in the surrogacy process, paving the way for an extreme form of commercialisation of the female body.
 	The government of the New Democracy has come to present free digital mammography as an achievement, only for women aged 50-69.
 When only 16% of the 323 mammographs are in public facilities, all the rest are done in private diagnostic centres.
 But what happens if the test shows a finding.
 A woman is forced to either wait months in the understaffed specialised departments of public hospitals, or visit private mega hospitals.
 	We cannot reconcile the modern needs of prevention, care, rehabilitation of Health and Mental Health with the "cost" for the state, capital and the "benefit" for the business giants.
 The KKE plays a leading role in the struggles for the free coverage by the state of all the costs of diagnostic examinations, medically assisted reproduction, prenatal check-ups and childbirth, without any entrepreneurial action.
 We defend the right of every woman to contraception, to abortion, with the necessary free scientific, social support and protection of reproductive health.
  For any individual choice to be meaningful.
		We do not accept the postponement of the necessary measures for the full support of the family.
 Because every woman, who is worried about her parents, needs high-quality, public and free open or closed hospitality and care services for the elderly and severely disabled.
In order for a new mother to feel stability and security, she needs modern, public and free crèches, creative activity centres for children, especially disabled children, modern and safe school accommodation.
 	Which government, with the ND or SYRIZA at its core, can ensure the modern needs of the child, not only in education, but also in culture and sports, without their parents having to pay for them?
 NONE.
 Moreover, no government can ensure the economic and social conditions for the creative content of the relationship between parents and children.
 		How could it be, when over time governments have deprived parents and children - whether married, cohabiting or separated - of necessary social services?
 Any changes to family law will neither ensure effective support for parents nor the best interests of the child.
 	Almost two years since the law of the New Democracy on co-custody, the problems in the regulation of parental responsibility between divorced parents have not only not been solved, but instead have multiplied.
 They triggered the vicious circle of confrontations and legal disputes between them.
 In the KKE we are in favour of the joint responsibility of parents, the effective participation of both in the upbringing and care of the child.
 This need, of course, also arises from the objective changes in the working and living conditions of young parents themselves.
 As a Party we tabled specific proposals and amendments to effectively support parents, particularly divorced parents, to deal with these complex issues in the best interests of their children... which were rejected by others.
 We demand free counselling and other social services, such as family and couple therapy programmes, parent and child counselling.
 At the same time, we are fighting for the financial support of divorced parents, with tax relief, with benefits.
 In our view, the absolute priority is the contemporary social needs of children for their all-round psychosocial development.
	Indeed, in conditions of poverty, aggravation of poverty and people's problems, imperialist wars that constantly create new influxes of unaccompanied refugee children.
 In conditions of increasing social pathologies and within the family, such as domestic violence, there is a growing number of cases of children who need specialised care and protection.
		In the face of this reality, both the current government of the New Democracy and SYRIZA claim that with their policies they are putting an end to "institutions" and strengthening family-type alternative care.
 It is provocative to try to bring them into conflict.
 They are trying to cover up their own criminal, highly abusive responsibilities for the tragic situation and the dramatic shortages of permanent staff in public sector structures.
 And at the same time, they are embellishing private sector structures, NGOs.
 	Equally reactionary are the changes of the government of the Southwest in the institutional framework of child fostering.
 They stepped on the law of SYRIZA, which institutionalized the foster parent with a contract and the institution of the professional foster parent.
 It is unacceptable that fostering, as the highest act of altruism, should become a profession.
 The position of the KKE is that the support of unprotected children must be the exclusive responsibility of the state.
 Scientific, social responsibility for the appropriateness of fostering and childbearing by a multidisciplinary team is necessary, and not on the basis of narrow economic criteria.
  The simultaneous existence of modern public child protection structures is necessary until the child is integrated into a quality and safe family environment.
	This sensitive sector cannot be left in the hands of all kinds of private individuals, NGOs, businessmen, ecclesiastical institutions and various "philanthropists", with the tragic results we all know.
		We will not settle for today's brutality.
 We are fighting to break the "vicious circle" of exploitation, multiple violence and discrimination against women, children.
 We reach out to the families of the murdered women who are living a real Calvary.
 We wholeheartedly support the need for financial, legal and advisory support from the state.
	We are building a shield of protection for every woman who has suffered abuse, who has been confronted with violence in the workplace and in her personal life.
 The provisions of the Hatzidakis law on violence and harassment in the workplace, voted not only by ND, but also by SYRIZA, PASOK.
 	Their sensitivity is not primarily about protecting workers from employer violence and terrorism, but about limiting costs to business.
 They say violence and harassment "are incompatible with promoting sustainable business".
 		In fact, the employer is responsible for the necessary prevention and protection measures, i.e. the employer, who in his position can use violence, even sexual harassment.
 	What support has been given to the "mouths that have opened" and denounced these behaviours in the workplace.
 The evidence is telling.
 By the end of 2021, 97 complaints had been made, of which 13 involved sexual harassment.
 The majority of them concerned the employer or a manager.
 What sanctions have been imposed.
 None.
 The complainant employers "got away with it" and the "zero tolerance" was translated in practice into a cover for employer violence and impunity.
 What support women who have suffered domestic violence have found.
 In our country there are only 44 counselling centres and 19 shelters for battered women, with only 400 places.
 Despite the superhuman efforts of the workers in these structures, who work on annual contracts for years, a woman has many obstacles to overcome to get back on her feet, to free herself from an abusive relationship.
 The KKE fights steadfastly against the factors that give birth to the perpetrators - "monsters" and leave women unprotected against the heinous and horrific crimes, sexual violence and abuse, up to the point of femicide.
The KKE unconditionally supports the tightening of the criminal framework and the criminal treatment of crimes of violence against women, based on the motive of the perpetrator.
 It categorically condemns any instance of impunity or attempts to let the perpetrators of such heinous crimes off the hook.
 At the same time, it demands in every area, measures for the effective prevention and protection of abused women, children and the families of victims.
 	We reach out to anyone who experiences social exclusion and discrimination on the basis of gender, religion, national or ethnic origin, sexual orientation.
 No one and no one should be excluded from modern social rights.
 This is the basis for individual rights to flourish as well.
 On the path of knowledge and struggle, everyone can acquire the courage, the strength, the endurance, to develop "antibodies" to the reactionary models that are sold to us about the position of women.
 		It can reject the so-called "normality" of the commodification of sexuality.
 Particularly today, when "official" and "unofficial" prostitution, trafficking, even of children, organised crime is on the rise.
 	The acceptance and legalization of prostitution through supposedly "modernizing" reform proposals, in order to sustain the sex commodification industry, even through the internet, is not a solution.
 	In order to enable women, but also men, children, all people regardless of their sexual orientation, to escape from the nets of such circuits, it is essential to ensure that all are universally guaranteed: The right to permanent and stable employment, The right to all-round social protection, The right to financial, legal and psychological support from the necessary scientific personnel.
	Compañeras and compañeros, Friends and friends, Participation in the collective struggle is a source of inspiration for a militant and insubordinate attitude in all fields of life, and in interpersonal relations.
		The KKE gives all its forces to the common struggle of men and women, on the basis of common workers' and people's interests against the common opponent, the power of capital.
 Through the common struggle of all, the values of collectivity, solidarity, mutual respect, against social isolation, alienation, racism, become a "life lesson".
  This is the way the young woman, the pupil, the student, the student of the IEK can breathe a sigh of relief.
 So that its dreams and needs are not crushed by the class, social barriers, obstacles and pressures that are formed in the present class school and university.
 Because there today, unfortunately, competition, the selfish way of life and thinking is taught as a recipe for "success" and "personal development" that permeate even interpersonal relationships.
 		Trust the KKE in the elections, just as you trust the members of the KNE in the schools, in the schools, in the workplaces.
 Whatever the youth has conquered, it has achieved through its struggles, with the forces of the KKE and the KNE leading the way, without waiting for governmental saviours "from above".
 With the first red vote, the young woman can become a protagonist on the road to real equality and emancipation.
 It is up to each and every person, who is angry and indignant, to fight militantly so that: this society that gives birth to miraculous monsters, that man forgets what it means to be human, that man forgets, is finally and irrevocably put in the "trash can" of history.
 These are the words of the great Bertold Brecht, in the play 'Antigone', which we will have the pleasure of enjoying immediately afterwards.
	In the face of an increasingly reactionary system, the KKE's proposal to the women of the working-people's majority is a radically different path of development.
 A road that puts the working man, woman and man, the child, the pensioner, and the satisfaction of their ever-expanding needs at the centre of the road.
	Our program for worker-people's power and governance is based on social ownership of the means of production, with scientific central planning of social production and social services.
	With the KKE we open the way to free ourselves from the grip of capitalist profit, exploitation and oppression, with the people in power and the owner of the wealth they produce.
 For the society of true freedom, socialism-communism, where every woman can be liberated from economic and social constraints.
 	On this ground, women's equality and mutual respect between men and women can flourish, relations free of all economic and social dependence.
 	We therefore call upon you, ahead of the elections, to decisively strengthen the KKE.
 We can make a difference.
 VOTE KKE for the life we dream of and deserve in the 21st century.
 FOR THE GREAT, THE BEAUTIFUL, THE SHOCKING.
ATHENS 08/03/2023 THE PRESS OFFICE OF THE KEKE CE.
