Comrades, thank you very much for the welcome to the podium and I think that this welcome reflects the feelings of all of us in this Chamber.
 We see it, we feel it, we understand it.
 We're doing well.
 This message, this air, this optimism, this confidence, is what I want to convey to you from every region, every city, every neighbourhood I have visited in the last few days.
 And I think that's a realization that I think we all share.
 Because we do not live above the world, nor near the world.
 We live in the world.
 And so we see and we know and it inspires us that from day to day, every moment that passes, every day that passes, as we get closer to the election, opposition, indignation, condemnation, anger, becomes, little by little, a decision.
 A change decision is made.
 The no to the Mitsotakis government is transformed into a yes to change, yes to a progressive government of cooperation, yes to the demand for justice everywhere.
 We often say and hear that we are facing a crucial electoral battle.
 Critical for society, critical for the country, critical for tomorrow.
 And this is true.
 But starting from this common finding, I would like to take a step further today.
 The elections ahead of us are not only a crucial contest, but also an opportunity.
 It is an opportunity for society, it is an opportunity for the country.
 It is an opportunity for democracy and progress.
 It is an opportunity for our people.
 This opportunity must not be wasted under any circumstances.
 To allow the New Democracy of Mr.
 Mitsotakis to cancel it with divisive rhetoric, which has no other purpose than to hide the problems, to hide those responsible for creating them and, above all, to hide the solutions.
 With this debunked propaganda from Trump's textbooks and practices, which aims at one thing: To muddy the waters and spread the notion that we are all the same.
 To lead to apathy and abstention, especially among young people, who all know very well that if they all go to the ballot box, there is no chance of saving the regime that currently governs us.
 So in this battle we owe it not only to unfold our programme and our arguments, but also to confront these practices of trampling.
 The fake news, the character assassinations, the provocations, the targeted attacks, which attempt to put any other agenda in the public debate than the critical, the big problems that concern Greek society.
 And it may be tedious and tiring but we have to repeat it all the time: We are not all the same.
 And especially with the New Republic of Mr.
 Mitsotakis, we are not the same at all.
 It would be extremely difficult to be like them after all.
 They are one of a kind.
 We are not similar in ideas, nor in social references, nor in our conceptions of the state, nor in the ethos and style of power, and certainly not in the interests we represent.
 And make it clear once again in all directions: Under no circumstances are we going to enter this arena of toxicity and division that Mr Mitsotakis' New Democracy is seeking.
 No slander and no provocation will distract us from our commitment to the big issues, to life, to security, to the reality that the vast majority of society is experiencing today.
 To put it differently, to paraphrase a well-known phrase of the unforgettable Elias Ilios: We will shake them up in reality.
 In reality and in truth.
 So what is this reality that we are living today, that the vast majority of Greek society has been living for the last four years?
 Because it's been four years that this government has been in power: This reality has to do with the precision that devastates the many and the obscenity enjoyed by the few.
 It's about the dismantling of the NHS, about the pandemic hundreds of thousands of lives that could have been saved.
 And with the dissolution today of public hospitals.
 The reality has to do with the abuse of the rule of law, the interceptions and the parastate, whose headquarters were set up in the Maximos building, between the office of Mr.
 Mitsotakis.
 The reality has to do with the billions of direct awards, the blue invasion of all public institutions, the practices of Mr.
 Patsy, the plunder, that is, and the rest.
 It has to do with the middle class, which Mr.
 Mitsotakis promised to put her in the living room but made her live on the coupon.
 This is the reality.
 The reality also has to do with the "crows" that threaten the first home of citizens with auctions.
 With the abolition of the eight-hour week, unpaid overtime, black labour, the dissolution of any concept of protection of workers.
 With our universities, which instead of having professors, have more police officers and fences for thousands of kids who want to be directed to private colleges.
 But the reality also has to do with the fact that crime is booming and insecurity is ultimately the main feeling, since the mafia collaborates with the police.
 Instead of being prosecuted by the police, he seems to be cooperating with them.
 So the reality has to do with this generalized feeling of insecurity and injustice that prevails throughout Greek society, in every aspect of it.
 So this harsh reality and these big problems that Greek society has today are looking for solutions.
 And these are the problems we have to deal with in this run-up to the elections.
 For these problems we need to highlight the solutions that we have been working on all along.
 We will tackle these problems with a plan, determination and a will for major reform, reform and change.
 And believe me, citizens are hungry to hear solutions to their problems, not statements.
 We all know who Mitsotakis and his government are.
 Citizens want to hear solutions.
 No statements or easy excuses.
 I believe that the tragic accident of Tempe - and today we are 40 days away from this tragic accident and we must say here today that we are not forgetting our fellow citizens, the young children who were unjustly lost, who took the train to go to their destination and never arrived - the tragedy of Tempe, well, I have the feeling that it has changed the way Greek society stands against the political system as a whole.
 Easy propaganda is no longer easy to digest.
 The whole governmental narrative of the regime has been thrown into the dustbin at once.
 The so-called executive state that turned out in practice to be a broken state, the so-called excellent people who turned out to be useless, the so-called modernists who turned out to be anachronistic, plunged us into the oldest times of partisanship, family rule, favouritism and anarchy.
 And above all, I think that this tragic accident has shown how false this whole mechanism of powerful propaganda is.
 How rigged and hypocritical is the chief of staff of the staff state, who supposedly knew nothing and is not responsible for anything.
 Everybody else in this country is responsible, we all have one responsibility, 10 million responsibilities, except one: The Prime Minister.
 And so I think that today what is a pervasive feeling in Greek society is: enough with this propaganda and this hypocrisy.
 This is the feeling that I get from talking, talking, walking among people.
 And the crucial question now for our Central Committee, for SYRIZA, for every democratic citizen, is how this "so far" from a statement, from a feeling, will become an act of political change.
 How to pave the way for change and progressive governance.
 And I think we have a double task ahead of us.
 The first, to communicate our programme, to convince that things can be done differently.
 That we have the plan and we can put an end to obscenity, devaluation, indifference, injustice, inequality.
 And the second, that change can be made with one condition: the clear, unquestionable electoral victory of SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance in the upcoming elections of May 21.
 So only if SYRIZA wins, and this is not an electoral or propaganda argument.
 It reflects the truth of associations, the truth of life.
 There is no other way.
 The Mitsotakis regime will be defeated if the New Democracy of Mr.
 Mitsotakis defeated in this election.
 And New Democracy will be defeated if SYRIZA- Progressive Alliance wins these elections, comes first in these elections.
 It's simple things.
 Only with the victory of SYRIZA will our people give a clear and strict mandate, I would say, not only to SYRIZA but to all progressive forces, for a progressive government of cooperation, now, on the next election day, on May 22.
 Without the adventures of the chain of electoral contests proposed and pursued by Mr.
 Mitsotakis.
 This is only the only way to change, for a long-lasting government with an unprecedented level of popular support.
 It is also the only path to political and social stability.
 The path of unity of our people in the common effort for the common good.
 The right wing invokes the fact that the leaderships of the democratic parties refuse this prospect.
 And this becomes an argument to convince not that a government working together for change is a negative development, but that it is an impossible development.
 We answer: Why everyone declares what they declare, as they declare it, before the elections, trying to gain as much popular influence as possible, is understandable.
 The election is a competitive process.
 And that's fine.
 But what is overlooked by those who propagate this view.
 They overlook one fact: what lies between the pre-election statements and the post-election decisions, which is the popular verdict, the election result itself.
 This is overlooked.
 And it's not unimportant at all.
 The sovereign people and their democratically expressed mandate.
 So we must ask for this mandate with honesty, with sincerity, not only on our own behalf, but on behalf of a necessary change, political and social, and a necessary new governance, progressive governance.
 And I want to take my thinking a step further here.
 Let me ask myself: If the result that we are asking for comes about, if the conditions are formed with a victory for Syriza and therefore the conditions are formed not only politically, morally, but also in terms of numbers that will give the possibility of forming a government of progressive forces, which leadership, which democratic party will be the one that will decide to ignore this will?
 And I wonder again: Which leadership of which democratic party will be the one to decide to ignore this will of the people for the great political change?
 Which leadership of which political party will be the one that will decide to bear the cost for the country, but also the cost for itself, of a series of electoral contests that New Democracy is seeking, but which will certainly not be positive for the Greek people.
 So that is why we insist and will insist until election Sunday.
 But in order to put into practice, comrades, this "so far" that is coming from the whole Greek society, we must at the same time decide on the direction of.
 Not only "to here" but also "to where".
 Decision and action by the citizens' vote.
 "So far" is only possible with a strong decision in which direction: Towards change.
 Towards a progressive government of cooperation.
 Which is only guaranteed by the victory of SYRIZA in the elections.
 So the "so far" is only put into practice with the decision "towards the ballot papers and victory for SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance".
 This should be our message to citizens.
 I know and we know, of course, that in this battle we are not only facing Mr.
 Mitsotakis, his propaganda and his actions.
 But we also have to deal with all those who despise and fear, even, and the slogan that we have here: "Justice Everywhere".
 All those who despise and fear it, because they have powerful interests.
 And they don't want justice.
 The oligarchy of corruption, all those who have supported the regime we live in today, who consider it their property.
 And I refer not only to interests but also to parts at the top of the state pyramid, which are intertwined with them.
 In short, we are not only facing Mr.
 Mitsotakis, but the whole system of money, interconnection, interests, obscenity and corruption that clogs the resources of society and the country.
 And the question that many of our fellow citizens have is, well-intentioned towards us, is: Can this system be changed with an electoral victory, with a political change.
 It can change this whole system.
 Can the state change.
 Justice can change.
 The information may change.
 Can power cease to always serve the great interests at the expense of the great popular and social majority?
 And in any case, when they take you further, they say "well, we know you want it, but you can do it".
 And I don't mean whether we can win the elections, which of course is the key to tomorrow, but whether we can create such correlations and such conditions so that we win not just one election, but that justice, transparency and meritocracy gain ground every day.
 To put into practice step by step what we call an effective and just state.
 Our response here, I believe, should not simply be, yes we can, but should be something more: today we are the only ones who can lead such an effort for change, not only on election day, but change that will be profound and touch the everyday lives of citizens.
 Why.
 Because we have proven in our journey - both as a protest party in the past and as a party of power - that politics for us is not only the art of the possible.
 It is first and foremost the art of making possible what seems and is propagated as unattainable.
 And we have our own weapons to achieve this in the elections and after the elections.
 Above all, our most important weapon, believe me, is our clean hands and our clean political record.
 Honesty, sincerity, determination.
 But it is also our plan, our reforming determination, which stems from our ideas, our values, our political origin and our social reference.
 It is the dedication to justice, which has been tested in very difficult circumstances.
 It is also the human resources, which have an unparalleled wealth of knowledge, racing experience, social grounding.
 The ballot papers that we are being asked to approve today, I think, are a mirror of the.
 It is the experience and maturity that we have gained as the country's government in the most difficult conditions since the post-independence period, through the many battles we have won and those we have lost.
 Through the mistakes we made.
 And of course it is our programme, our national plan, our policies, that respond in a modern and well-documented way to the contemporary problems of our society.
 These are the credentials that we present to the people to convince the majority of them: that we not only want, but we can win and change things.
 And to add to these arguments.
 I said earlier that these elections are not only crucial, but also an opportunity for the Greek people.
 It is also an opportunity for SYRIZA.
 An opportunity we deserve, not of course to return to power for power's sake.
 Or much more to get some payback from our political opponents.
 I said in an interview that we don't feel that history owes us, we owe history.
 What we owe to history and what is the opportunity.
 We owe it to history to govern this country under normal conditions.
 Not with a knife to the throat.
 Not under the shadow of the memoranda and the Troika.
 To show what our programme is, what our plan is and what we can implement.
 Imagine, we governed under the most difficult conditions with the objective of getting the country out of the memoranda, to regulate the debt, so to tidy up the public finances that had been left in tatters.
 To pick up their dirty laundry.
 We had an objective, an obligation to collect 37 billion euros in public funds.
 Imagine if we had the opportunity, like these people here, to give 50 billion, not to collect.
 To support society - that we would have done different things today, this four years.
 Support the public health system, education, the welfare state, the weak, the middle class.
 So, yes, it is an opportunity for us.
 And I would say that this is not the second chance, this is the first chance to govern under normal conditions, without memoranda and the Troika over our heads.
 The opportunity to finally put into practice all those policies and the programme aimed at improving people's lives.
 In democracy without asterisks.
 To transparency, to an efficient and fair state and to justice everywhere, which is not only our motto, it is also our soul.
 Comrades, in this contest we will have an additional very powerful weapon beyond the programme, beyond our ballot papers.
 An additional very powerful weapon that we didn't have in previous elections.
 What is this.
 Our party.
 I mean a mass party with tens of thousands of members all over the country.
 I am referring to the women and men, young and young, old and young, who have signed this contract for justice and change with SYRIZA.
 I believe that our party can be the decisive factor in winning the elections.
 The embryo of political change.
 Why the tens of thousands of party members are an irresistible force.
 If every member of the party and every friend of the party becomes the change that we expect, then know that this change has already begun.
 And nothing can stop her.
 But this, this knowledge, confronts all of us here, all of us, all the members of the Central Committee, with difficult tasks.
 The task of putting the whole party, down to the last village, down to the last outlying island, in position and in battle formation.
 The task of organizing this battle and leaving nothing to chance.
 The duty to get out of the offices and the closeness of manifestos, to recall a good song, and get out into society, where society lives and breathes, where citizens breathe, where we all find ourselves where the fruit of change and progressive government is bound.
 The task, too, is to show through the electoral battle that our candidates have a difference from others: They are competing on rules for their votes, but they are not competitors, but competitors.
 And what they seek is the party's vote, the SYRIZA ballot paper to go to the ballot box, they seek more than the cross in their own name.
 So let's talk, comrades, with the people, but also listen to the people.
 To overcome the fences of the mainstream media and bring to the people, to all social groups, to all neighbourhoods, to all homes, the views and arguments of the party concerning their lives.
 To try with the voice of reason, with calm and composure, to try to bring together all those streams of opposition, of anger, of indignation.
 To unite them by convincing them that SYRIZA today is the only way out.
 Because only if we bring them together will we be able to build this river, the river of change.
 I know and we know that this is not an easy case.
 It is not an easy job for any membership organisation to become a battlefield staff in its own country.
 Every member and party official an apostle of truth and change.
 But it's a job we have to do.
 We have the experience, the know-how, the decision.
 We did it in difficult times, in more difficult circumstances, in lean times.
 And without this important weapon, as I said before, our tens of thousands of members.
 We will do this work now, starting from our Central Committee, where every member, since we have the honour and responsibility to be members of a living and determined party organisation, to be members of the Central Committee, we must be the first to set this example, to lead this effort and this battle.
 And I want to point out two more things.
 It is our duty in the elections of May 21 - but we must take care of it now - that no polling station on any outlying island, in any remote village, not only in the cities, is left without an electoral representative of SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance.
 And you know, this is not only a guarantee for the safeguarding of the process, it is also a message.
 Our presence at every polling station is a message of victory on election day.
 Our second task is, in the run-up to the elections, to demand not only the vote but also something necessary to get out the vote, to organise our campaign: To claim the financial support of our members, our friends, the people, to achieve victory and change.
 Because SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance, comrades, is the only party that does not owe anyone.
 And it is not fed by vested interests.
 It relies solely on the contribution of its members and supporters.
 Our campaign should therefore be funded by our friends and supporters, not by hidden sponsors.
 We have no hidden sponsors.
 So, it is crucial and decisive that we decide here today to make the economic dash towards the elections and put it into practice.
 Comrades, I would like to remind you, as I come to the end of my speech, that in addition to the battle of the national elections, we will soon be facing another electoral battle, the local government battle, in October.
 And at the local government level, we are also preparing for this battle.
 In many municipalities there are already processes for the emergence of suitable Combinations and the most suitable as leaders of these Combinations, mostly Progressive Cooperation Combinations.
 We monitor these processes and encourage them.
 Our goal is to promote winning ballots and broad progressive cooperation, taking into account, of course, in each case, the local characteristics and the particularities of each municipality.
 But today, given that we will probably not meet again until the elections, today we are in a position in this Central Committee to decide our support for a number of large municipalities.
 As our statute provides, moreover, that for large municipalities the decision is a decision of this body.
 In the Municipality of Athens, I believe that we are in a position to announce, and I am very happy about this, our support to an effort that has already begun to form a broader rallying front with a single goal: Change in the Municipality of Athens.
 The "long walk" of suffering and family rule must end at some point.
 He tired us all.
 The desire of the well-known international basketball player of Panathinaikos, formerly of AEK Athens, Nikos Pappas, to lead such an effort is, I believe, a very positive development.
 In the next period, we will therefore encourage and contribute to the realization of such a development with the maximum possible rallying of political and self-governing forces, so that we can achieve together, the trifecta of change for the Municipality of Athens.
 And it will be a buzzer beater, as they say in basketball parlance.
 In the Municipality of Piraeus, we have the pleasure to be able to decide today to support a proven fighter of the Left and of the Local Government, as he was the Deputy Governor of Piraeus and the islands for five years: our comrade, George Gavrilis.
 And to wish good strength and success to the "Port of Agony".
 In the Municipality of Patras, we can today have the pleasure to announce our support to the President of the Technical Chamber of the region, Vassilis Aivalis, in a broad electoral list of cooperation of progressive forces.
 In the Municipality of Peristeri, we have the pleasure today to announce our support to one of the most successful local government leaders, the current Mayor-Patriarch of Local Government, Andreas Pachaturidis.
 In Larissa, we have the pleasure and honour to support a comrade, who is equally successful, for many years mayor, the current mayor of Larissa, Apostolos Kalogiannis.
 Finally, we can announce our support for the Municipality of Agrinio, to the reputable and experienced lawyer, Dimitris Trapeziotis.
 It is clear that these are not the only options that have been completed.
 And in other municipalities the processes have progressed and of course in the run-up to the elections, our party will be able to express its support to persons and combinations that can express the broadest possible progressive coalition for victory ballots in the upcoming local elections.
 Comrades, today our Central Committee is called upon to approve in principle our electoral programme and to approve the vast majority of our ballot papers.
 With the approval of the programme, I think we are starting and entering a trajectory of a substantial programmatic confrontation with the government.
 Not that we haven't been doing it for four years now.
 I believe that this is perhaps the only time that the opposition has so thoroughly delved into programmatic positions.
 Four years now, I remind you how many special presentations we have made, the last one, I think, was a very successful presentation on a critical issue, private debt and the auctions of first homes, commercial housing and agricultural land.
 However, despite the fact that after the approval of the programme in principle, which we will do today, there should be immediate further elaboration, so that we can present publicly in a special event to the Greek people and in a way that is easy to understand and in a way that is easy to understand, this government programme.
 I believe that this will be our great weapon in the electoral battle.
 Therefore, in addition to the approval in principle, we should also authorize some comrades to proceed in consultation with the Political Secretariat, the Executive Bureau, in this elaboration.
 So today we approve our ballot papers.
 I want to tell you, just so you know, that it was a pleasure and a headache, the ballots.
 A pleasant headache, because we had to make difficult choices between very important and strong candidates.
 And we may have wronged some comrades, in the sense that it is very difficult to choose between equivalent candidates.
 But the ballot papers that we are asked to approve today, I believe, however, are the mirror of our relationship with society.
 They reflect both "we want" and "we can" and of course they reflect what we proclaim and believe.
 But also our commitment to ideas, principles and values, as well as the colourfulness that an electoral battle requires.
 And the restless spirit of the young, but also the stability and wisdom of the old.
 The multicultural origin of political origins, but above all the multicolour of social origins.
 Our ballot papers are renewed compared to 2019 by about 50%, and for the first time they implement an innovation: for the first time in the country they are 50% men, 50% women.
 That is, for the first time we have gender equality on our ballots.
 I am convinced, I may be unfair to the comrades in this Central Committee, but I am convinced that this will be passed on to the citizens' vote, that the vote will have the flavour of a woman.
 So, with these thoughts, I would like to conclude my presentation by saying that we now have the full knowledge of the problems facing Greek society, we have the plan, the programme, the solutions that are needed for the problems we face.
 We have the vision, we know the changes and reforms needed to bring back a sense of justice, security and prosperity to the country.
 We have the people who will bring about change.
 We have the experience, the ideas, the strength from the roots of the Left and its struggles and the struggles of the democratic party, we have the experience to win this electoral battle.
 But above all, we have the truth, the right, the determination, the programme, the people to win this battle.
 And we will win this battle.
 We will bring back justice everywhere in this land.
 We will win.
 Be well.
 Thank you, good strength, good fights, good decisions.
 Hello.
 .
