(Foreign publication)- PRESS RELEASE - HELLENIC SOLUTION - FROM THE PRESS OFFICE OF HELLENIC SOLUTION: Speech of the President of Hellenic Solution Kyriakos Velopoulos in the Parliament, during the debate and vote on the principle, the articles and the whole draft law21/03/23Starting with the fact that we have a different approach to energy and energy-related issues, I would like to say that we have a different approach.
 We've talked about it, we've proposed oil and gas exploration, we've warned about wind turbines and their toxic waste that in 20 years you won't know what to do with it.
 You are a government working for wind turbines and it will be seen in the next few years who is right and who is wrong.
 But you do not hear the voice of reason.
 But 21 days have passed since the accident in Tempe and the loss of young people, children, and I see that the Prime Minister and the leader of the opposition did not come to the parliament to speak.
 They know they are not doing the right thing and by their attitude they prove that they are cowards and do not take responsibility.
 I won't go along with the Prime Minister's logic of telling Avtia - your man - that he supervises all the ministries, has antennas everywhere and knows what's going on.
 He probably meant Predator.
 But we did not see its antennas working in the case of Tempe.
 Through their silence, the Prime Minister and the leader of the opposition admit that they are accomplices in the crime.
 In any other case and in any other country, and after what the police chief has accused the government of, the government would have resigned in its entirety.
 Mr Skoumas spoke clearly about the parastatal of the Southwest.
 He denounces that he was dismissed by the Kysea a month after the renewal of his term of office, because "unknown power centers" requested it from Maximou.
 And you didn't have the decency to resign.
 They asked him to strip sections of men to make them available as guards for interference station executives.
 Who are they?
 The canal lords and oligarchs who are your friends.
 They didn't take into account his recommendations on the crises.
 This is the burial of the staff state of the Southwest.
 Control the Justice, control the Police.
 You are not building a state but a parastate.
 You are building a new North Korea.
 The seven years pale before you.
 And you're afraid of bracelets.
 Are you afraid of going to jail.
 Proof.
 The decision of the Florina court -a political decision- and of a Mrs. Tsimeroglou, who defied Mr. Doyakos, who sent an order to change the decision on the pseudo body shop in Florina.
 We will pursue it by every legal means.
 He sacrificed Greece and Macedonia at the urging of the government.
 Here is the decision (filed in the minutes).
 I accuse you of intervening on the Macedonia issue, I accuse you of doing nothing on the Prespa Agreement, I accuse you of cancelling the rallies.
 The silence of the Macedonian MPs 172 times, as many as the violations of the Prespa agreement committed by Skopje, is proof that Zaev's "thank you" did not go in vain, it did not go without a fight.
 You talk about Justice and here, here, there was a survey on corruption and 75% of Greeks believe that judges in Greece are corrupt.
 You had the opportunity in 2019 to create another state that loves the Greek people, that does not let them go hungry, a state in which there is equality and justice.
 Instead, you chose to build a government, which moves on the razor's edge of fascist governance.
 We will always tell the truth.
And what have you brought to parliament.
 For centuries there have been wars over water.
 Where water has been privatised (Germany, France, Bolivia, Ecuador) we have had a tripling of the price of water.
 Result: people could not pay.
 According to UN estimates, by 2035 40% of the world's population will be living in water scarcity conditions.
 The big companies, especially Nestle, which is part of Blackroc, because of water scarcity, are demanding that water cease to be considered a commodity.
 That is, to be freely available to people.
 While all Greeks are mourning for the accident that happened in Tempe you go to pass "night" such an essential change.
 You are going to privatise water.
Don't start making excuses that that's not the way things are and that you do it differently.
 No action is taken directly.
 All done step by step.
 And I wonder about the short memory of both SYRIZA and its voters.
 Why SYRIZA opened the door for the privatization of water.
 The SYRIZA government submitted a multi-bill (2017-2018) which provides that: the public shares in EYDAP and EYATH are transferred automatically and without consideration to the public holding company.
 That is to say, the Ypertha Fund.
 (LAW 4512/2018 (A'5 17/1/2018) ARTICLE 380, amendments to LAW 4389/2016 (A'94) for EESYP).
 So one buys and the other drinks.
 One makes laws and the other implements them.
 You are exactly the same.
 Disagree on the small things and agree on the big things.
 After 10 years the ENGINEERING of Emfietzoglou appeared to strike a public project: the speculation of water privatization through PPPs.
The state hands over to RAE its regulatory, statutory, licensing, licensing, sanctioning, pricing powers.
 The acts of RAE are enforceable, not subject to any control of legality or feasibility by the competent minister.
 What are the independent authorities: the parties get together and say we're going to put Mr. so-and-so as chairman of the Authority and members from all parties, with high salaries.
 You create party authorities, a parastate that acts according to your orders.
 But water is not a commercial product.
Don't do this.
 Take it back now.
 The result of water privatisation in Europe has been tragic.
 Paris, Berlin, Berlin, Britain privatised water and the result was a 40% increase in bills.
 In Britain, the Environment Agency has condemned English water companies for water pollution levels in 2019, resulting in the deaths of thousands of birds and fish.
 In Paris, water supply finally re-municipalised.
 You come now to do what the Europeans did 20 years ago and then after another 20 years we'll take it back.
 But that's not politics, it's your usual "let's go wherever we go".
Who are behind water privatisation.
 Interested "completely coincidentally" by the uninformed: ACTOR, TERNA-INTRACAT JOINT VENTURE.
 EYDAP, which is responsible, was thrown out.
 You put your oligarch friends back in and threw out the competent.
 The oligarchs are the enemies of the Greek people.
 But it is one thing to do business and another thing to "drink the blood of the Greeks".
Let's go to the committee on the accident in Tempe...
 All are innocent.
 All plead not guilty before the Committee on Institutions & Transparency.
 Everybody did everything right.
 Everyone is covered behind the diffusion of responsibility.
 Again no result will be obtained for the crime that took place in Tempe.
 Why do you avoid calling all the transport ministers, the deputy ministers and the officials since 2012 and the company and the OSE officials?
 All these people for the Hellenic Solution are under indictment.
 All these people would have to be in wristbands if there was a state.
 You're going to go back to laundering the case.
Reading everyone's correspondence, I realize that they were all letting everyone know that the system wasn't working, that nothing was working.
 You all knew.
 You must be arrested, TRAINOSE must be arrested, Hellenic Train must be arrested.
 Why this company is in the clear.
 Why don't you target the Italian state-owned company.
 And if you wanted to privatise the railways, why did you sell them to the Italian state company.
 What kind of privatization is this?
 Why didn't a private person buy them.
We made specific complaints.
 Revelations have been made by ALERT and FOCUS.
 Photos of firefighters who suffered chemical burns presented.
 Everybody hides them.
 Only on ANT1 was this issue presented and along with it were presented the photos of the firefighters and burns they suffered, but also the document from the hospital granting sick leave.
And I like that the company, Hellenic Train answered in a document to my question.
 So says Hellenic Train: according to the records kept by our company and according to the statement of the transit customer (i.e. it has a customer who has the role of a front porter).
, who said that they were carrying two empty containers and nothing else), on the type of goods to be transported, the contents of the containers are as follows: The first two containers after the engine were empty of cargo.
 Tell me have you seen a truck cruising down the road empty of cargo.
 And it's nice to accept that this is the way things are.
 It goes on to say that the intact container wagons were carrying beer and food (it is known that beer and kiwi together can cause an explosion) and the next wagons were carrying iron plates.
Understand what it says.
 In short, he says they could have been carrying explosives, they could have been carrying weapons, whatever they wanted.
 In Bralo, where the accident took place, you remember that explosives were being smuggled in.
 And how do we know now that they weren't carrying drugs.
 They even put a bullhorn on the table for everyone to chase and the minister accepted this excuse.
 Instead of sending the prosecutor to arrest the company's executives, you accept a piece of old paper that says absolutely nothing of substance.
I have here the official gazette.
 Do you know who's in charge of transportation.
 It's Mr. Karagiannis.
 Your man.
 The contractors' man.
 And I don't blame him.
 He does his job.
 But his job is to defend the interests of citizens and society.
 This is the competent.
 It's not Mr. Karamanlis.
 Here is the G.O.P. for the record.
 And people wonder why the road in Bralo can't be fixed.
 There's been a study for years and now you have a man doing a new study.
 Because it delays the work and in the meantime your bastards get paid.
 The same with the BOAK in Crete.
 Tell me, has there ever been a survey of how many managers are best friends with contractors.
I really wonder how the state works.
 There is no one leader to bring order to disorder.
 But the answer is that in order to find a leader, first you have to find a people.
 And now the RAS is putting out a statement saying that the training of OSE staff was inadequate.
 The Authority refers to "strong indications that the theoretical and practical training was incomplete and therefore inadequate".
 Thus, the RAS proceeds to the recall of all those who participated in the same training course.
 I wonder if justice should intervene for the RAS itself.
And one question about the RAC: How can it be an independent authority, its officers appointed by ministers and have a predetermined term of 4 years?
 That is, if they mess up in the first year, we'll have to wait another 3 years for their term to end and then they'll be gone.
You do not change.
 You are all the same.
 The Prime Minister, in a new speech, told us that by September he will have solved the railway issue.
 But if the issue was solved in 6 months, why did the government do nothing for 4 years.
 The Prime Minister took political responsibility for the tragic accident in Tempi.
 What this means.
 But both the Prime Minister and his government not only did not take responsibility, but postponed any responsibility, talking about "sacrifice" of children and "responsibilities of station masters".
 Really, if you want to shed a lot of light, why was Mr Tzavaras replaced in the Committee on Institutions and Transparency?
 Is it because he said that justice is controlled.
 And just for that alone you should have resigned.
 The Prime Minister comes out of Maroussi and says that the murder of the children was a "sacrifice".
 So the children who thought they were getting on a train actually got on an altar.
 You know what sacrifice means.
 Do you know the etymology and meaning of the word.
 The word "sacrifice", then, is a noun, feminine in gender and means the voluntary loss in order to achieve a goal.
 It is an offering in order to invoke God or Gods.
 It may involve the killing of a person or animal or may be a simple offering or destruction of objects.
 "A religious rite in which an object is offered to a divine being in order to establish, maintain or restore a proper relationship between man and the divine".
 What does the Prime Minister mean by all this?
 That children were sacrificed to make a railway in Greece.
 What the Prime Minister means.
 That Greece is a Minotaur that wants children for sacrifice.
 If it were your children you would say the same thing.
 You have made Greece a minotaur of family rule, party rule and the interconnectedness that negates the country.
 The best justification is to replace the political staff before it is too late.
 And then after all this came the gruesome ministerial statement: "And from the 'sacrifice' of Tempe we go to the 'opportunity'".
 So you didn't tell us whether it was a sacrifice or an opportunity.
 You are playing with the lives of Greeks.
 Neither opportunity nor sacrifice was what happened in Tempe.
 It was a crime and murder.
You have become a public danger.
 Danger to flights, danger to train services, danger to buses, danger to roads.
 Now 391 damages and seawater inflow from the port of Piraeus to the new Metro line, which cost taxpayers 470 million.
 euro.
We also have the risk of fires.
 In a few days the fire season starts and we have no firefighting aircraft.
Danger also exists in universities.
 Our university buildings are abandoned and crumbling.
 We had marbles falling from the canteen shed at the University of Thessaloniki, we had plaster falling from the ceiling at the faculties of Dentistry and Physical Education at the University of Athens.
 The dean took responsibility for this by apologizing.
 Ever since the apology came out, the world's gone to shit.
 The apology was humiliated.
 The philanthropy is gone.
And to move on to the energy issue, I will say that the right side of history leads to planetary Armageddon.
 The sanctions imposed by the West on Russia, aimed at bringing down Putin, have in fact brought about the collapse of American, British and Swiss banks.
 While you were counting on starving the Russians, you succeeded in starving the Westerners.
 But the ridiculous part of the story is that the sanctions are not applied.
 Because despite the sanctions, the EU increased in February the supply of Russian gas via Turkey by 16% and via Ukraine by 23% compared to January.
 US EXXON MOBIL earned 65 billion euros in 2022 from oil and gas trade from Russia.
 Up to 1,9 million.
 barrels of Russian diesel fuel are currently in tankers mid-field, off the Gulf of Laconia, waiting to fill EU tanks, bypassing sanctions.
 But I do not understand why we cannot sell our fruit and vegetables to Russia and have no one else profit, but only the shipowner should profit.
You really have achieved tremendous successes.
 With your policy you have managed after 10 years to get the Turkish Minister of Foreign Affairs.
From.
 to visit Cairo and meet with the Egyptian leadership.
 You gave the diminished influence, the Egyptians took the Herodotus Basin, which was ours, and now they are making up with the Turks.
 Hi.
And after the Iran-Saudi Arabia-China triangle and the "wrong side of history" in which these countries find themselves, tell us what reason there is for the Greek Patriot to remain in Saudi Arabia.
 Bring them back now.
 Mr. Dendias, who also met with the Prime Minister of Kosovo, thus changing the policy followed all these years by the Greek governments, which refused to recognize Kosovo as an independent state.
 And yesterday Mr. Dendias advocated to take over ministries, Turkish General Secretariat of the International Maritime Organization.
 Turkey.
 Turkey, which has imposed an embargo on Cyprus-flagged ships.
 Turkey not recognising the international law of the sea.
 It's like having a pediatrician play kindergarten teacher.
 This is what you are doing with Turkey.
 Unfortunately, you have created a Greece as described by Kostis Palamas: "You have no Olympian Gods, no Ossa, no gentlemen, you have land-grubbers, you have mother earth, you have crouching for the waste, hollow men and ogres despise your divine coarse language, the laughingstocks of Europeans and the clowns of the ancients.".
The Greeks do not deserve this Greece.
 We want a proud, self-reliant and self-reliant Greece.
And so that people don't think that the pollsters are making fun of us, I'm going to give you a part of Mr. Drimiotis' interview with PM.
 Mr. Drimiotis, the pride of DELTA and SINGULAR, said that the brain that processes numbers at astronomical speeds and knows with absolute precision the final result of the elections, no sooner said that on election night there will be a lot of crying.
 He said that there will be an anti-systemic vote to a very large extent.
 I.e.
, they asked him, will Velopoulos go to 10%.
 And he replied: This.
No matter what the pollsters say, we will march for the Greek Solution, for Greek governance, away from traitors.
 We don't want any of you, because you said a lot of things but they were all lies.
 You told us that we are living in the digital revolution, but the trains still run on a crank; you told us that you shielded the economy, but you brought recession, inflation and soon supervision; you told us that you supported the you in the pandemic, but 35 people died.
000 people, most of them outside the ICU.
 This is not a government.
 It is a public danger.
 We walk alone.
 We have the moral advantage.
 We don't do dirty transfers.
 We are the Solution.
 You are the problem and we are the solution, because as Socrates said: "The coward becomes a traitor to his country, while the ambitious man becomes a traitor to his father's heritage.".
 Traitors and treason do not belong in Greece and the Hellenic Solution is the voice of reason.
