"Mr. Mayor, Mr. Mayors, thank you very much.
 Friends, neo-democrats, what an amazing reception here in my city of Glyfada.
 I hope that we will come close to the percentages of the "captain" of Glyfada in the next elections.
 And on May 21, the 21st of Saints Constantine and Helen, Glyfada is celebrating, but the whole of Greece will celebrate our great victory, the victory of our New Democracy party.
 And yes, my dear Mayor, you are right.
 When we start a great battle we want to come primarily to places that are particularly familiar to us.
 I was touched that you remembered that, indeed, my parents were married here in the church of Constantine and Helen in 1953 and our relations with Glyfada are historic and I am glad that under your leadership and the leadership of your team and with a close cooperation with the Government, Glyfada is flourishing, progressing, for the benefit of all its citizens and its many visitors, it is truly becoming a model city.
 You are right, my friend Mayor, that indeed in this four-year period we have been called upon to deal with too many turbulences.
 When you trusted us in July 2019, no one expected that our government would be called upon to deal with more crises than any other government in the post-war era.
 But we kept the steering wheel steady and Greece today is stronger, it's a country that exudes more confidence and more prestige abroad than in 2019.
 And as we begin the great battle for the elections of May 21, I believe that it is our obligation, the obligation of all the members of New Democracy and all the friends of New Democracy who united in 2019 with a great demand: to honour the truth agreement we signed.
 Let us recall what we have managed to achieve in these four years in very difficult circumstances.
 Because I want you to remember that despite the fact that a large part of our time was spent managing crises - to recall them briefly: a threat of a migrant invasion, a neighbour that kept causing problems in the Aegean and the Eastern Mediterranean, a pandemic, a war in Ukraine, an energy crisis, many natural disasters - despite the fact that we faced all these crises, we were consistent with all the central commitments that we made in July 2019.
 And let anyone from the opposition dare to question this.
  What I told you in 2019, when we signed the truth agreement together.
 The first commitment I gave you is that we will put Greece back on a growth track and reduce taxes and contributions.
 These taxes that SYRIZA put on you, essentially crushing the middle class.
 We have put this commitment into practice in full.
 We have supported disposable income, reduced taxes and contributions, reduced ENFIA.
 We told you that we would reduce it by 30%, we reduced it by 35%.
 We reduced income taxes.
 We have reduced social security contributions and put Greece on a completely different growth trajectory.
 In 2019 our country was lagging behind in growth, last among all the countries of the European Union.
 Today we are a leader in the euro area, with a growth rate twice the European average.
 This growth has a real impact on your lives.
 This growth has allowed us to create 300.
000 new jobs.
 Mostly well paid.
 It is this growth that allows us to have increased the minimum wage from 650 to 780 euros.
 It is this development that allowed us in the difficult moments of the pandemic to support the Greek society and especially the Greek small and medium-sized enterprises.
 It is this growth that allowed us in the aftermath of the energy crisis to support households and businesses and keep electricity bills within reasonable limits.
 All this did not work, friends, it worked.
 It was the result of specific planning which, despite the very great difficulties, our country implemented.
 And of course we cannot forget that all of this was done in the midst of extremely difficult geopolitical conditions.
 I pledged in 2019 that our country would regain its lost prestige in Europe and in the south-eastern Mediterranean and we have fully achieved that.
 I told you in 2019 that it is the duty of every favoured nation to protect its borders.
 And today the borders of our country are safe.
 And the day after tomorrow I will be in Evros to sign the extension of the fence that protects our land border.
 I was committed to investing more in our Armed Forces, after ten years of crisis.
 And a few days ago, in the parade that took place for our national holiday, the French Rafale that we got in record time with an interstate agreement flew in the Attica skies.
 And the upgraded F-16 Viper which are now being built and upgraded at the Naval Air Force.
 I also told you that we want to change the state and here we have to be honest with the citizens.
 We have made important steps forward.
 I want to ask if you can now imagine your life without the gov.
gr.
 1.2 billion electronic transactions with the state, saving you tens of hundreds of hours in queues and paperwork.
 Especially for the younger generation, it is now a reality, they cannot imagine their lives without this important intervention.
 Do you remember that we set up an exemplary vaccination campaign from scratch.
 You were getting messages on your cell phone and they were saying: "You're going to get the vaccine at 10:16" and you never believed that the Greek State could work like that.
 And yet we did it.
 But there were other battles we fought and did not win, friends.
 That is why I want to give you, here in Glyfada, a commitment: today I am more determined than ever to confront all the foci of anachronism and anachronism in the Greek public administration.
 This will be one of our central commitments for the next four years.
 And to those who doubt that we have the will and the ability to do so, I want to remind them of a simple reality: it was New Democracy that has always historically clashed with those pockets of regression in the public sector and dared to take on the bad guilds and the bad trade unionists, because there are good trade unionists but there are also bad trade unionists.
 We were the ones who dared to consolidate the Olympic.
 We were the ones who intervened in OTE.
 The young people who are with us today see OTE, a modern company, taken over by a German giant, but they don't remember what OTE was in our time.
 We and the government of Kostas Karamanlis were the ones who took the first steps to privatize the PPA, when those who claim the mantle of "progressive", their leaders at the time were at the PPA's bars, you remember, protesting against privatization.
 Our government was the one that, apart from the gov.
gr consolidate the PPC.
 We took over a bankrupt company and today we have made it a leader in Greece and the Balkans.
 And if the PPC were not so strong, it would not be easy to provide support to businesses and households for their electricity bills.
 And it was our government that made a drastic intervention in the EFKA so that we could finally deal with this tragedy, this shame of pending pensions, that you have to wait two and three years to get your pension.
 And we achieved our mission and today the pensions are coming out in two months.
 So we have shown that we have the ability to confront and to be able to defend our ideas and to fight for a better, more meritocratic, more transparent, more effective state and this will be a central objective of the second four-year term.
 Just as the central objective of the second four-year term, friends, will be the economic growth that we have set out to achieve.
 Not only to continue, but to ensure that its benefits are spread throughout Greek society.
 As I committed in 2019 that the main objective of our economic policy for the next four years will be less taxes, so I look you in the eye and tell you now that my commitment for the second four years will be better wages for all Greeks.
 And we know how we can implement this policy, we know how to bring in foreign investment, we know that ultimately the credibility of our country as a serious investment destination is what will make the difference.
 Today, in the midst of these very difficult circumstances, the Hellenic Republic, one day after the announcement of the elections, went out and borrowed with a borrowing spread of one fourth of what the Hellenic Republic had in 2019 under SYRIZA.
 Why this happens.
 Because there is credibility.
 And I pledge that if the Greek people trust us and the next day we have a strong and stable government, our country will finally regain investment grade status within 2023.
 This is important for all, because the investment grade ultimately means lower borrowing costs for the Hellenic Republic, but also lower borrowing costs for banks, for households and for businesses.
 Our third major commitment for the next four years, my friends, concerns public health and the National Health System.
 I want once again to say a big thank you to all the employees of the National Health System who kept not only the NHS but also the country standing during the difficult days of the pandemic.
 We know that we need to build even more on the National Health System.
 Strengthen it, modernise our hospitals more, invest more in the Personal Doctor, invest even more in prevention and screening.
 And the reform of the National Health System will be a central commitment and a personal political priority for the next day, for the next four years.
 We have the resources secured from the Recovery Fund, we have the will and the will and the knowledge on how we can make it happen.
 We will therefore have the opportunity, friends, during this electoral period to discuss everything.
 To contrast policy results, to judge and compare.
 I never seek conflict, but I always seek comparison.
 Let SYRIZA come and let us compare his four years with our four years.
 And let the citizens judge who are the ones who ultimately held the country back and who are the ones who led the country, despite the very great international difficulties, forward.
 We will always seek, friends, a confrontation of arguments.
 We want our policies to be compared.
 We want to compare the results of our policies.
 We don't want to talk in slogans, we want to emphasize the substance.
 And we also want to convince the citizens of the need, the urgent need in these difficult circumstances, the next day to have a stable and strong government.
 And only New Democracy can ensure this stability today.
 I hear a lot of talk about first ballot, second ballot.
 One is the election, May 21st we vote for the Greece we deserve.
 And this is the ballot box that will ultimately send a strong message about who will rule this country, which Government and which Prime Ministerial candidate will be elected.
 From there, others have to explain how they perceive the "progressive" governance they imagine can emerge on May 22nd.
 They will get the answer at the polls.
 But those who claim that it may occur on 22 May should explain who they will work with.
 I spoke in September last year at the Thessaloniki International Fair about the possibility of a political monstrosity.
 A "government of losers" under Mr Tsipras, Mr Androulakis and Mr Varoufakis.
 You can imagine.
  But people should be aware that, despite what Mr.
 Tsipras, mathematically this possibility exists.
 So, to close the door completely to unstable governments that will lead the country backwards, there is only one way: everyone to the ballot box.
 Strong New Democracy.
 New Democracy the big winner of the May 21 elections.
 And then everything will find its way.
 So, I want, once again, here from Glyfada, to thank you.
 To thank you for your long-standing support for our party.
 To say to the young citizens who will possibly come to vote for us for the first time, that they must see and compare strictly.
 And I do believe that there are indeed citizens who at the last moment, in 2019, did not trust us.
 And this time they will take the step of trusting us, because now we are not talking about promises but about results.
 We are credible in the commitments we give you for the second four years, precisely because what we told you in 2019 we have put into practice.
 But there are also our fellow citizens who voted for us and who today may justifiably, possibly, feel sad, bitter, bitter, bitter, bitter, bitter.
 I want to address them personally and tell them that we have always been honest with them.
 Where we missed, where we made mistakes, I was the first to courageously confess them and acknowledge my responsibility.
 I wasn't hiding.
 Never and nowhere.
 And you know, a mistake only becomes a mistake when it is repeated.
 I didn't promise in 2019 that we can do miracles.
 But I promised you a lot of hard work and measurable results.
 And with a clear conscience that we have worked very hard, that we have kept the country safe in difficult circumstances, we put our work to the judgment of the Greek people.
 And I am sure that the Greek people will judge responsibly, seriously.
 He will compare and when the critical moment comes for him to take responsibility - because at some point we will say what we have to say and eventually the responsibility will pass to all of you, to the Greek people - I am sure that he will again trust the only force that can guarantee both stability and progress in our country today: our great party, New Democracy.
 So I would like to ask you, in these almost 56-57 days - that's how many days we have left before the elections - to fight this beautiful battle together.
 To give it with confidence and dignity.
 To give it without leaving anything unanswered, but without lowering the level of our political discourse to the standards of our opponents.
 We leave them alone on the road of mud and misinformation.
 We will not only talk about the past, we will talk about the future.
 We will be talking about Greece in 2027, how Greece will be at the end of the next four years.
 We will talk about the Greece of 2030, we will talk about the Greece we envision.
 For the 17-year-olds who will vote for the first time in these elections.
 That's who we are working for, that's who we are working for, so that we can be absolutely sure that our children, your children, your grandchildren will live in a better Greece than that of their parents, their grandparents, their grandparents.
 That is what we are fighting for and I am sure we will succeed.
 Be well, good race.
 To the reunion at the big rally that we will hold during the election in Glyfada.
 Good power.
  Steady, strong, bold, only forward.
 Be well, thank you very much".
