Friends, thank you from the bottom of my heart for your moving presence here from Sparta.
 And here from Laconia today.
 A few weeks before the national elections, we send a clear message.
 That PASOK.
 It returned dynamically as a historic movement for change and overthrow of the pathologies of Greek society.
 We have always been on the side and on the shore of great changes and great reforms of social justice and national dignity.
 And we have always been opposed by powerful forces of conservation and domestic.
 Of course oligarchy.
 Which in the last few days I see they've been particularly annoyed.
 What I said from the first moment of my election I say to this day.
 And for partnerships.
 And about the big changes that need to be made.
 And on how to build a new relationship of trust between the political system and the ordinary citizen and especially the new generation.
 Who turns her back on politics, just the same.
 But what has changed in recent days.
 And the same words.
 The same vision made the domestic interconnection to be in vertigo.
 The domestic complex is in vertigo.
 Because he knows very well now that the Greek people have zero tolerance for the system.
 Mitsotakis the system that does not respect institutions that does not respect human rights that disregards common sense.
 A system of power that has taught them to give priority to serving the interests of this oligarchy and not the interests of the people.
 So we have a debt.
 In the next national elections, it is the duty of the democratic party to make this system of the decline of Mr Mitsotakis' power a thing of the past.
 But I see that the leadership of SYRIZA agrees with Mitsotakis' vision.
 Oh, how strange.
 They probably don't know what the Constitution says.
 They respected the Constitution.
 Where the Constitution was respected.
 In the competition for television licences.
 Where the result was that he was convicted.
 13 zeros from the Special Court, the closest associate of Mr Tsipras.
 And instead of being a thing of the past from the political system, they have him as the first showcase in their ballots.
 Who respected the Constitution.
 In their attacks on the independent authorities.
 The current government, which says it came to confront the viciousness of the SYRIZA-Independent Greeks government, respected the Constitution.
 On the issue of the wiretapping that exposed the country worldwide, to monitor the leader of the third party, the heads of the armed forces.
 Their ministers.
 Where have these things been heard before, but that is what PASOK and Andreas Papandreou fought for, for democracy, for national pride, for respect for human rights, for the rule of law.
 This is what all the leaderships of the democratic party fought for.
 And what the domestic oligarchy asks of us to show tolerance to all these phenomena of decadence.
 And to take the mandate that the Constitution gives me the right to have in my hands and to propose as Prime Minister one of the protagonists of the debasement.
 They probably don't know our history very well.
 They do not know our principles well.
 They do not know our values well.
 So to the vertigo of the interconnectedness, we respond with a clear message here today from Sparta, from the Peloponnese.
 On the night of the next national elections, PASOK will guarantee the new change, the change of social dignity.
 The change of social justice.
 The change that will make every citizen equal before justice and not have injustice for the many.
 And always supporting the interests of the few.
 The Greek people can no longer bear this.
 The Greek people can't bear to be told in 2012, 2013, 2014.
 Stubbornness of the gentlemen of SYRIZA the gentlemen of the far right.
 And two years later they pass a law and farm property.
 Your first home, your properties.
 Your children's children to be at risk from the blackmail of the crowing funds that Mr. Tsipras has brought to Greece.
 And what did Mr. Mitsotakis do to counter this regime of rape and de-fellatinization of the Greek economy?
 The answer was first of all.
 Bring a law that ended any coverage of first home protection.
 And in the second year, Mr. Patsis.
 Who even says he didn't know his activities once again didn't know.
 it is known that when something good is done, it is by order.
 Mitsotakis when there is a disaster.
 Mr Mitsotakis, he doesn't know anything, so he doesn't know Mr Patsis, but it just so happens that Mr Patsis' son was in charge of the management of red loans in the new democracy.
 Mr Mitsotakis knew nothing about the wiretaps.
 But by coincidence he was the one responsible for taking the NSA to the Maximos building.
 He put his nephew essentially in control of the activities of the NSA and the chosen one of the NSA commander, changing the law that existed.
 He didn't know anything.
 For the situation on the network.
 The railway of Greece.
 And this is the most tragic, the most tragic lie that shows how far they can go to even despise dozens of human lives.
 So in 2019 before he became prime minister.
 Makes a statement accurately analysing the state of the country's rail network.
 In 2020, 2022 in two consecutive reports of the European Railway Agency.
 It's a clean result.
 Greece has the most dangerous network in Europe per kilometre.
 We analysed in parliament.
 That 04/10/21.
 The principle of transparency.
 He sends the responsible minister and his Ministry Mr. Karamanlis file.
 Saying What Corruption Exists.
 So that it prevents the 717 contract signed in 2014 from being implemented, which should have been completed under SYRIZA in 2016.
 Not completed even to date.
 And even the 41 million euros European all money.
 54 million were spent under the new democracy and these were European and the project has not yet been implemented.
 So we asked Mr Karamanlis.
 Our MPs in Parliament, but when the official authority sends you a file.
 that says all the corruption that exists in the OSE and the Ministry of Su.
 That does not allow this work to be done that will protect the Greek people.
 What did you do?
 You sent the file to the D.A.
 The answer to which is that I did not know the existence of these elements.
 How far will the contempt for intelligence go.
 The Greek people.
 And if they didn't know any of this, while they themselves were saying the same thing, tell us.
 The European Commission in the European Court of Justice a month ago nor did they know this 2 months ago.
 Friends and friends I say all this.
 Because there's a battle going on here.
 Which is clean now.
 on the one hand is the word of progress, the truth of common sense.
 The dignity of the public interest.
 And on the other hand 2 power systems that are capable of doing anything and saying anything just for the chair.
 So that's it, then, with Mr Tsipras' system of power and Mr Mitsotakis' system of power, who have the audacity to say justice everywhere, but they mean justice for us and for them.
 Only a cover-up at last.
 Finally, in the next national elections, that's why we all together.
 Each and every one of you individually and together we have a duty to give a fight in every village, in every city, to overthrow this vicious political system that builds nothing for the future of all of us, for the future of your children, for the future of your grandchildren.
 This is our debt.
 We are not fighting a battle for power.
 All this stuff I said about coalition governments, it's not because I'm in a hurry to get a position of power.
 I have proved it in my political career.
 I do it because I see what is happening in other European countries.
 Where it prevails.
 Institutional respect, respect for the citizen.
 Respect for the public interest.
 Where there is no impunity for the oligarchy and the political establishment that is intertwined with it.
 That when a politician puts his finger in the honey.
 Then justice treats him as it should.
 And it doesn't let him think that he can do whatever he can and whatever he wants at the expense of every people in Europe.
 Friends and friends.
 These examples need another culture.
 And I aspire that 2023 will be the year of great change.
 That we will be the pioneers of this new culture.
 Where there will be a concept of man where society will be at the forefront, man's labour rights, man's human rights, the reduction of inequalities, the opportunities for the new generation, the infrastructure for a strong Greece of the future.
 Not a country that will constantly decline, without knowing what its future is.
 But to which Greece do the programmes of SYRIZA and New Democracy refer?
 In Greece, which will end up with a demographic gun to its head.
 In which Greece will we have dignity pensions in a Greece where the population and the workforce is decreasing, in a Greece where today you here the farmers of the prefecture are looking with binoculars, land workers and your products, the fruits are rotting on the trees as in Crete and the rest of Greece.
 They didn't know the problem.
 What is the infrastructure in your county?
 What happened to the hospital.
 They said, once we don't have money.
 Greece is bankrupt, we can't support the NHS, we can't do the internal network of the county to have a network safe in all directions of the law I know very well its problems, they said Greece has no money.
 But now because of the pandemic.
 A strong bell has been rung in Europe, we cannot have the management of 2009 and 2010.
 Where we had Lehman Brothers and then they told us to get along on your own.
 They understand that the European peoples and not only the Greek people.
 They are on the verge of undermining Europe's national production.
 That we are now dependent on China and other countries, we have to make progress, some steps have been taken, I am not saying that they are the best possible, that's why we are fighting as a European Social Democratic Party to have financial solidarity tools permanently throughout Europe and that's why in 2 sessions of the European Socialist Party, I keep saying that the future is a European Economic Fund of European economic sovereignty.
 So that we are not vulnerable to global turbulence.
 So Europe has taken some steps.
 a first big step.
 was the Recovery and Resilience Fund.
 So I want to talk about the Peloponnese, and about Laconia.
 What is the example.
 That can create a strong growth.
 For your children and grandchildren to stay here.
 First of all the infrastructure.
 We say says.
 To exploit the country's geopolitical position.
 How to exploit the geopolitical position of a country without networks, energy and transport.
 Energy, energy grids sell and buy energy cheap, produce energy cheap.
 So listen.
 What Mr Mitsotakis said a few days ago at the Summit.
 It says recommend.
 We have said it years ago.
 Make corridors.
 Energy from Greece to Central Europe, energy highway, as they call it and the cables from Africa to Greece.
 And after proposing this very nice thing that we have been saying for many years.
 Because what he says the Europeans should do, he doesn't do in Greece.
 Because quite simply.
 If we have a strong energy network within Greece.
 The energy transition, the green transition.
 Strengthening renewable energy sources.
 It will not be a game of 5 oligarchs with big parks but of hundreds of farmers, ranchers, farmers, processors, small traders all over Greece and especially in Southern Greece where we have this climate.
 Why we will have a highly interconnected network.
 And they will all go to our cooperatives instead of going bankrupt to build these parks regional municipalities to have free energy for the homes in the region.
 Why poorer Athenians and Thessalonians will be able to put photovoltaic panels on their roofs.
 What we are saying is from another planet, not what Portugal, Spain, Germany and countries that want a just energy transition and addressing the energy poverty of the future are doing.
 And not a country.
 The oligarchs are pampering their government because whatever Europe gives them comes first and not all of you.
 Transport networks.
 But how can we go green if we don't invest in the most environmentally friendly means of transport?
 Who is this means is the train.
 The medium with the lowest emissions.
 Worldwide is the train.
 all of Europe invests.
 We could not guarantee not the investment in the train, nor even the safety of the train's passengers.
 And the gentlemen of SYRIZA have the nerve to talk about a successful privatization and sell off TRAINOSE for 45 million euros.
 And where the 400 million of the offer a few years ago was a sellout.
 This is populism.
 Who must come back, no, it must not be repeated.
 That is why we are fighting for Mr Mitsotakis to leave power, but not to come back.
 Obviously Mr Tsipras.
 Our proposal is to respect the Constitution, to take the mandate, to propose programmatic solutions based on our priorities and if we don't have the power to do this and then of course there is no prime minister unknown x.
 But if we were to name a candidate for prime minister, then we would be flouting the popular verdict.
 Therefore, just as the government programme is a programme of programmatic convergences, so too the persons in critical ministries and in the Prime Minister's office must express this programme and not be disdained by the oligarchy's domestics, the popular verdict of the next national elections, they cannot therefore call respect for the Constitution arrogance, while they know very well that all they care about is that there is a person in the leadership of the country who will serve them like Mr Mitsotakis.
 In the coming years we have other priorities for this.
 I am ready to clash fiercely with this establishment that despises the public interest and is the main responsible element.
 Who led Greece into bankruptcy no matter how much they want us to forget their responsibilities.
 So we continue.
 Our programmatic discussion is just the networks, not of course.
 It is also health.
 The welfare state is known to these gentlemen who are hoarding the cost of living.
 Today they know what it means for a low pensioner and a family.
 The accuracy.
 The fact that we are third in private spending across Europe.
 What it means for a low pensioner to go to a hospital and not have the services that other pensioners have.
 In the rest of Europe.
 Finally, why are we struggling to become a normal European state, or for the powerful to take the European programmes and nothing to be built in the Greece of the future?
 So they said, we have no money and yet they have the 20 billion recovery fund.
 And he even says at one point that it should be used for the welfare state.
 What these figures say.
 11% Italians, 8% Portuguese in their national health system.
 We clean beyond the energy upgrade of buildings.
 2%.
 What Greece 2%.
 Greece that does not have a primary health care system as extensive as they have Greece that its hospitals have become primary health care centers to deal with covid, resulting in the braking of preventive medicine Greece that its doctors leave to Germany because the salaries they pay on the island are starvation wages and they do not respect the struggle to study for so many years Greece that has no health personnel Greece that asks for a new NHS, a new national health care system.
 So I guarantee that if we have a strong mandate, as George Gennimatas and Paraskevas Avgerinos did, we will build the national health system of 2023, of the future, and not be third in health costs across Europe.
 Friends and friends.
 It's only these.
 We don't need other things.
 Our education, our schools, our universities.
 For 3 years all we've been talking about is education.
 It's the safety of universities.
 The big issue was the university police.
 Where is this university police.
 Was it another buffet by Mr Mitsotakis.
 I said something simple.
 What are the other European countries doing, that is, we are.
 You want to get into university.
 Card.
 You have laboratories that you fear the destruction of the logistical infrastructure, cameras, to see who comes in, who goes out, if they steal something, there is protection, it's everyone's property.
 Not only is the university out of our resources are the European programmes.
 There is unrest within the university, it has been possible a security unit that controls the university.
 To call the regular police, as they do in our homes, if an offender, or someone who commits criminal acts, enters the house.
 So why don't we solve this so simply.
 Because it is in their interest to create social tension, division and unrest that does not promote fruitful public debate.
 So it creates an internal division.
 So you heard in his interview the other day.
 The major thing for him is, he says, the revision of Article 16.
 We can have a private university.
 But when we say a private university, we mean with buckets of laboratories, with research with high quality academic staff, with the parallel strengthening of the Greek university of the public Greek university and there should be real competition and not to baptize private the trade of hope of the children of the Greek people and I want to explain why.
 Rooster.
 He says we will make Greece a tourism industry.
 And why don't we have a university for tourism.
 Why we are undermining.
 The tourist schools that we did all over Greece.
 The day before yesterday I was in Agios Nikolaos the school is the same in Rhodes and I met 100 students.
 People, ambitious young people who went to Agios Nikolaos even though they know the cost of living.
 Why they want to work.
 They believe in Greek tourism, they want to become employees, they envision their hope and ambition to become employees in Greek tourism.
 With the Gavroglou law.
 Institutionally suspended.
 They can't do Erasmus either.
 They can't get a master's degree or have professional rights.
 Right now.
 So tell me, Mrs Kerameos, what has she done for these children, our children, the Greek children.
 Who want to help this sector of the country's development.
 What he did.
 You know what.
 It has held them hostage for 4 years now, because their only priority is private IEKs and not public tourism schools that can educate the children of the Greek people at low cost and serve this sector of development.
 So their priority for education and health is not to reduce inequalities, it is not to build a new hope for Greek children, it is not to promote.
 The development of the country.
 It is to undermine their public character, their social role, in order to strengthen the speculation of certain economic interests.
 We, the social democracy of 2023.
 He doesn't want a daddy state.
 He does not want a prey to the rulers of the day.
 It wants a state that guarantees the public interest, a state that can defend the interests of all.
 A state that gives priority to its services, honouring each citizen individually.
 This is another concept.
 This is not the conception of the state that we have seen in the last few years of the unrepentant political system and here I want to give a little more importance.
 If it hadn't been for the pandemic, we wouldn't know the health problems.
 The big health problems.
 This reinforces bankruptcy.
 If bankruptcy had intervened.
 To which Mr. Karamanlis led the country.
 Some might say today that we didn't know.
 It's incredibly contemptuous.
 It's incredibly sad and demeaning.
 These people being unrepentant.
 At all levels.
 Particularly at the level of the country's fiscal management.
 I'm sure if we let them stay these systems of power.
 In their seats.
 The country will again be driven into a dire fiscal situation.
 You can be sure of that.
 The country is heading down a very ugly and painful road.
 So here we must speak plainly.
 An unfair tax system cannot continue to exist.
 It cannot undermine the labour rights of workers.
 Recovery fund loans cannot go to only 68 powerful people €1.2 billion.
 With 1,1% interest rate.
 And small and medium-sized enterprises.
 Being in a real difficult situation, not being able to get into the banks, to get liquidity.
 So we have to speak with great respect about the fiscal situation of the country and the prospect of.
 We all say that what we say is not just measurable.
 They are things that open up a new perspective.
 The perspective that will give a state.
 The Greek State.
 To acquire a European normality, so that there can be strong institutional counterweights.
 And of course to control political power.
 So let's put things in one more field.
 You know all too well.
 That their priority is to send the blame elsewhere, like Tempe.
 We saw that their attempt was to say we didn't know, we don't blame whoever is to blame in every area of economic and social life.
 What we will do.
 Says Mr Mitsotakis the pandemic was found.
 But the pandemic was the tool of Mr Mitsotakis to make thousands of direct assignments.
 To give billions for the army advances, not to those who needed them but to those who made them in real estate and bank deposits.
 are the taxes of all of us.
 These are the taxes of all of us, this money, the money that told the Greek budget.
 In terms of taxation, we say we are reducing the rates on salaried work because we have a priority of many good jobs, but a government cannot come to a bankrupt Greece and say no, we have another priority.
 Up to 4.8 million and 800.
000 € to transfer property and wealth from parents and grandparents to grandchildren without tax.
 Is it possible in a country that has gone through such a bankruptcy that this is the priority instead of reducing rates on wage labour?
 Another point.
 8 years this cost of living which is a matter of social justice, the cost of housing.
 Let the children leave here and go to study in Athens.
 Where to find a house in Athens.
 At what cost of living.
 where the rents have reached.
 Therefore all the figures show that we are first in Europe in terms of housing costs based on the country's wages.
 What will happen in the coming years.
 Why this happens.
 But it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple, it's very simple.
 They said something about all the big issues.
 They left us in the channels how to deal with this huge issue of social inequalities.
 Of course not, but we will all tell our friends, our friends' friends, so that they can see that it's not a product of social sensitivity.
 It is not a matter of ideology, it is a patriotic issue not to leave Greece, our economy in foreign hands, at the expense of social justice.
 It's a patriotic issue, to put a barrier and guard the cost of living.
 So what do we say.
 As many houses are closed in Athens or Thessaloniki to be registered by the municipal authorities or in large cities to give incentives to the owners of reconstruction of houses from European programs to give them at the same time tax incentives ENFIA.
 So that they can integrate their homes into social housing reservoirs.
 To have 150 in the coming years.
000 homes to be given for rent.
 We are not talking about buying.
 We do not want new ownership.
 We want to de-escalate the cost of living.
 To thousands of families and students so that they can build their future with dignity.
 This is not a personal invention either.
 Austria, Italy, Germany, Spain, Portugal.
 Everywhere they have followed this policy so that the younger generations have a future.
 Fiscal respect.
 Low Pensioners Have come to the.
 The side of a low pensioner, those who abolished the EHIC.
 We therefore propose a new ESAS for low pensioners, so that they can have pensions of dignity.
 Gall for.
 We also propose that this will be the last time that the minimum wage will be set by government decision from now on the increase of the minimum wage will be the product of negotiations between the social partners.
 And of course the thawing of the triennials so that the low paid can have dignity wages.
 These are all priorities that are building a Greece that will be resilient to future adventures.
 A Greece.
 Where the progressive discourse, the discourse of reason.
 It is he who is priority.
 A Greece that has a progressive and strong development plan that creates synergies between primary sector tourism and manufacturing.
 The Greece that does not aspire to come here in Laconia only in the summer.
 Visitors for 3 months.
 and consume, but Greece that has a plan, these people leaving Laconia and while they have tasted our good honey, our good wine, our good.
 Our good olive oil, our processed products going to Belgium, Holland, Germany, England and wherever they are, they want to have them on their shelves for the other 11 months of the year and not only when they are in Greece.
 This is the Greece of extroversion.
 This is the Greece of production this.
 This is the proud Greece of the future.
 This is the Greece that the democratic party wants to build.
 It is no coincidence that in our long history in the ranks of our party there have been democrats selfless.
 Democrats, progressive democrats, ready to sacrifice everything for the good of the country.
 I am addressing them here today from Laconia.
 Let all progressive democrats join forces in the next national elections and give an answer to those who want a Greece of the past and not a strong Greece of the future.
 To those who fight for the chair and not for the society, to those who fight for the interests and not for the people.
 And because in the last few days.
 We saw.
 The supposedly liberal Prime Minister, Mr Mitsotakis, going hand in hand with Karatzaferis.
 He had their children in the most critical ministries.
 Time, if one Karatzaferis.
 So I send them a clear message from here too.
 The attacks of the far-right skeletons of the new democracy are an honour for every democrat, just as the attacks of Kammenos, the far-right associate of Mr Tsipras, were an honour.
 This is the history of the democratic party.
 We will therefore prevent the Greek people from seeing again at the helm of the government those extreme right-wing skeletons who think that PASOK will become a tool in their power games.
 PASOK has returned as a protagonist, the PASOK of Andreas Papandreou, the PASOK of the people's struggles, the PASOK of democracy, national dignity and social justice in the next national elections, together with all of you, will be on the winners' shore and on election night will propose the path of the great changes that the strong country of the future needs.
 So in closing, I ask you a joy from the bottom of my heart.
 Take the effort of the democratic party in your hands in the coming weeks.
 I stand with each and every one of you and not with those who want a political system held hostage, a domestic oligarchy and not this proud historical faction of the new change.
 Bless you and have a good race.
