Friends, thank you from the bottom of my heart for your touching welcome with your warm presence.

It proves that the democratic party, the historic movement founded by Andreas Papandreou, has once again become a leading player in the political scene of the country. A short while ago, Mr Mitsotakis. Giving an interview to a television channel, he said that I have a personal problem with him. The question, Mr Mitsotakis, is not whether I have a personal problem with you. The issue for you is that, ahead of 21 May, millions of Greeks have a personal problem with your policies. For Mr Mitsotakis. And his communications staff every day of the campaign is April Fools' Day. In all my interviews and mine and all our staff. We have made it clear that there is no scenario of a coalition with Mr Varoufakis' party. and those who played the country in the dice of the drachma. But Mr Mitsotakis. He continues to be terrified to bring up this scenario. So we give him today from the heart of Epirus from Ioannina Oscar fiction of Mr. Mitsotakis deserves this Oscar, because every day he bombards the Greek people with lies and fake news. There is no other way to explain his obsession with lies, so I would suggest that he should leave the conspiracy theories behind and answer some of the questions that the Greek citizen discusses every day.

The conclusion of the Commission on the tragedy of Tempi. The commission appointed by himself states that the transfer of the fatal stationmaster was illegal. What does Mr Mitsotakis have to say to his ministers, Mr Voridis and Mr Georgiades, who, after the death of 57 people, told all the channels that the transfer was legal? Who, after all, is responsible for this party buffoonery of New Democracy? Not PASOK, as they wanted to present themselves at that time, not even respecting the families of the victims. Mr Mitsotakis is interested. The citizen should know the truth. But he keeps Mr Karamanlis on his ballot papers. The head of the ministry who arrived in his office in October 2021. The Transparency Authority's finding that pointed to those responsible for both the SYRIZA era and the New Democracy era that delayed the implementation of the 717 contract, which if implemented would have been telecommunications and we would have avoided this tragedy. Mr Tsipras does not say anything about this finding of the Transparency Authority either.

Is the economy doing well? And there the questions are relentless. The trade deficit increased under the New Democracy. Public debt has broken the 400 billion euro barrier and only 14% of investment is productive and not real estate. Investment that is gutting the Greek economy investment that has made rents skyrocket and land purchase costs expensive for Greeks in this day and age.

The prime minister is a liberal. Who has all the orphans of Mr. Karatzaferis in his crucial ministries of government. Or is the Prime Minister a liberal and centrist when he has brought Karatzaferis himself to attack me daily from the channels? Is the Prime Minister liberal, who banned the European institutions a few weeks ago from meeting with his ministers. Or is he a liberal prime minister who is responsible for the scandal of the state's eavesdropping scandal and who went so far as to justify it by presenting the leader of PASOK as a force as an agent of foreign powers? Mr Mitsotakis must understand that these are out of the worst times of the right-wing, the times when Andreas Papandreou's PASOK was consigned to the dustbin of history. I understand his panic, I understand that he does not see the very large PASOK rallies, and a moment ago he said that he said I was hiding.

You know my goal? This party is to become the home of every democrat and progressive Greek to stop being hostage to a false dilemma between Tsipras and Mitsotakis, so I call on every democrat, every progressive from Ioannina to come to our side and stand by us in this difficult struggle. But you can be sure that it will be victorious because it is a struggle for dignity and perspective.

Friends, on the other hand, Mr.Tsipras is obsessed with proclaiming himself as the representative of progress in Greece. Is it progress? Following the example of Mr Mitsotakis, not having issued a press release and not having said an apology for Andreas Georgiou, who was targeted by him and the Right as being responsible for the memoranda, when only Mr Karamanlis and his government were responsible. Mr Georgiou was vindicated in the European courts, but you know, it is not a good sign for democracy, for the rule of law in our country and for me and other people to resort to the Court of Human Rights to find justice in Greece in 2023. That is why PASOK has a great duty to play an important role in strengthening democracy, the rule of law and respect for human rights. Is it progress, Mr Tsipras, that you have been cooperating closely with Mr Kamenos, or is it progress that you have put dozens of Kamenos' members on your ballot papers, and recently also recently? The press spokesman of the bankrupt government of Mr Karamanlis? Well, with all these executives, that is not the Left. This is a conglomerate for power and the chair.

The real left is here in the democratic party. And finally, justice everywhere - yes, the Greek people are thirsty for justice - we all feel that we need a better quality of justice in the country - justice everywhere - but if Mr.Tsipras believed this, if Mr.Pappas, who was convicted 13-0 by the Special Court for the illegal TV licenses he wanted to give to his oligarch friends, had believed it, he would not have been on the SYRIZA ballot papers.

Friends. We must understand that on May 21, voting for PASOK, only PASOK comes out. And what our political opponents are saying - Mr Mitsotakis saying that you vote PASOK and you get SYRIZA and Mr Tsipras saying that you vote PASOK and you get New Democracy - shows their terror and their anxiety for the rebirth of the democratic party, for the great mass participation of democratic citizens here in Ioannina as well.

Friends, that is why I call on every Greek to choose between a state of opacity, patronage for the blue children, for the cronies of Mr.Tsipras, a state of meritocracy, transparency and respect for institutions, or a state of social injustice that implements policies that make the rich richer, or a state with justice and strong health and public education. Between a state that hands over the toil, the sacrifices of the Greek people through their red loans to the speculators of the funds, and a state that ensures the fair regulation of the private debt of households and businesses. Friends, Mr Mitsotakis. He touts himself as a champion of stability. He talks of paralysis when his track record includes the interception or capture of the rule of law, the blue children, the widening of social inequalities and he states clearly that he will hold elections as many times as necessary until he himself is elected Prime Minister. But he is probably not so sure of his strategy, because he said a moment ago that he will eventually use the first mandate. So let the Greek people see who has a firm position to govern the country? I have been talking for a year now about stability and progress since the first mandate, or Mr Mitsotakis, who has been talking about second and third elections, but in the face of deadlock, his staff say that he will use the first mandate. We will hear a lot because they understand quite simply that things are not that simple. For his part, Mr Tsipras voted for the simple proportional representation. What does simple proportional representation mean throughout Europe? It means that the parties that have 151 seats work together. But he is talking about a special simple proportional representation that in order to cooperate in the electoral system that he voted for he has to be the first party, do you know what that proves? That the real concern of the leader of Syriza is not to get rid of New Democracy and Mitsotakis, but to save his own political future.

So we have other priorities. On 21 May, give us the strength, because for us the priority is both progress and stability from the first Sunday solutions, positions, a programme and a new political ethos, which they so desperately need. Particularly young people, so that they can believe in politics again.

With a strong PASOK, I pledge to every Greek to create a social housing pool of 150,000 houses throughout Greece, newly built or with Recovery Fund funds or rebuilt with apologies, with tax incentives and relief for their owners. I am talking about closed houses with a view to making them available at cheap rent so that young couples and the poorest Greeks can have decent access. This is how we achieve competition to drive down rents. Because today one of the biggest cost of living systems every day is the cost of rent.

The second issue is the management of private debt. For us, the second chance of dignity for all Greeks who fought and struggled objectively but could not endure the conditions of multiple crises is a priority. We do not say with the dry and the green, as Mr Tsipras did when he said in 2012, 2013, 2014 seismic and do not pay. We come for own arrangements and handed over your toil and sacrifices to the blackmailers of foreign funds.
We therefore propose against Mr Mitsotakis who completely abolished the protection of the first home in the restoration of the protection of the main house for over-indebted households, by updating the PASOK law of 2010.

Corresponding property, corresponding protection for agricultural property, protection for borrowers in Swiss francs, by limiting the interest rate increase to 1/3 for the borrower and 2/3 for the banking institution. Substantial negotiation with banks and taking measures to eliminate and prevent increases in interest rates on loans for weak households and reducing the banks' profit margin for consistent borrowers, so that consistent borrowers also have incentives to continue to comply with their arrangements.

With PASOK strong and I say this. Because for us the national health system is a top issue today, as today its initiator, one of his great comrades, George Gennimatas, who, together with Andreas Papandreou and Paraskevas Avgerinos, left this very great social legacy to the Greek people, has passed away. So we are talking about the rebirth of the national health system. Which needs support, so we are proposing an adjustment so that the Recovery Fund can finance the NHS with 8 to 10%, which are percentages similar to countries that have the same problems as Greece and not the 2-4% that New Democracy has given. Also, strong primary health care that reaches every home in every case. It requires staffing the hospitals of the national health system with permanent medical staff and, as we must not only give applause and clapping, but also an increase in the salaries of the health workers of the national health system, so that we can bring us into line with the average of doctors and health workers with the other countries of the European Union. Introduce social, economic and scientific incentives to stop the understaffing of hospitals in the region. You are well aware of the problem here in Epirus too. Finally, on the heavy and unhealthy pay of NHS health workers and no more selective increases in allowances.

Friends, education. For us, education is the greatest lever of social justice and social mobility. Do you know all too well the older people? That public education made the child of the farmer in the Epirus of the cattle farmer study in the good years of the PASOK. Doctor, lawyer engineer, to produce wealth and build his family with dignity. We have a duty to strengthen all levels of public education again, so that all Greek children have free access to reduce inequalities and not Greek children taking computer tests by looking into the pocket of their grandfather's, grandmother's father and mother. But looking at their future and their ambitions for it, so for us the vision for public education is a priority. Schools today must be a key instrument for young people to respond to the digital world and sustainable development, offering equal opportunities to all young people, breaking down inequalities, setting them up to take on the challenges of the future both as citizens and as workers. For this there must be a strong public school and a strong public university. We know that the ideological policies of SYRIZA and, of course, the policies of New Democracy, which want to privatise education at all levels, have degraded and undermined education in our country. That is why it is time to take bold decisions. Always in cooperation with teachers, with an increase in public spending on education, so that we can gradually reach the average spending of the European Union countries, our proposals focus on strengthening quality by modernising content and implementing the 16 quality indicators of the European Union, with remedial teaching programmes to cover learning gaps and address inequalities by using modern digital capabilities, which unfortunately do not exist.

That is why I am committed that every student and every teacher will have their own computer and every classroom will have their own interactive whiteboard and more. Specific examples that confirm the rule of shortcomings. By opening the school to culture, environmental education, art and health education, by supporting all-day kindergarten and primary school with a reformed curriculum with foreign language and computer certification, up to high school level. As a result, we are enabling the cost that each parent has to pay for tutoring in these areas to drop. Friends. Our priority is vocational education and lifelong learning with a link to the modern needs of production, with the safeguarding of professions and professional rights, a safe school environment and psychological and social support services to deal with the phenomena of violence, which unfortunately, as we see, are multiplying, especially in large urban centres. Establishment of a single school-leaving certificate in accordance with European standards, so that the Greek family can slowly be freed from the burden of the school system. From the burden of tutorials and at this level of education, extroverted universities with a link to production, local development, funding of research and innovation by implementing a national study that will propose as a basis for a discourse on how many schools and how many departments our country really needs in each specialised field of knowledge. For example, agricultural schools cannot be without an extensive network of agricultural schools when we want to invest in the primary sector and agri-food. We cannot not have a university of tourism when we have millions of tourists and we want high-level workers with very good salaries. Friends. Dignity in academic development. Unfortunately, Mr Mitsotakis, with Mrs Kerameos' law, has reintroduced family rule in universities and, finally, financial support for our teachers at all levels of education and the evaluation of educational work with factors that will shape the quality of education.

Friends, I cannot but report here from Epirus. Which is the heart of productive Greece along with Thessaly in the issue of agri-food. From Trikala the day before yesterday I spoke about a new price contract. With the Greek farmer and the Greek farmer. We used to say that blood is not water. That is why every farmer and every farmer's wife must remember. Which is the party that gave them dignity in the 80s and 90s. Only PASOK has proved that it can provide redemptive solutions to the sharp rise in production costs and the precariousness faced by the farming and livestock farming world. Here in Epirus, you are well aware that the livestock sector has been in dramatic decline over the last three years, both in terms of the number of producers and, of course, in terms of the quantities of milk in the region. It is typical that in 2020 the production and sheep's milk units in Epirus. They have declined significantly in just one year, 500 producers have left the profession, while milk volumes have fallen by tens of tens of 10,000 tonnes.

Therefore, immediate measures are needed to protect and support productive Greece, to reduce production costs, especially for agricultural supplies, animal feed and fuel, with zero excise duty on agricultural oil, as long as the energy crisis lasts.

Support for farmers, farmers, farmers, farmers' cooperatives with priority to renewable energy parks, so that each one of you knows that through renewable energy sources you will have fixed energy costs for the next 15 years, as is the case in all European countries, and not the green transition to be a business of 5 oligarchs in Greece. We want the green transition with energy justice without energy poverty, with priority for producers. And to the poorest Greeks we want a highly interconnected network, that is what we are saying.

The Recovery Fund to finance the energy grid across Greece, so that municipalities can make communities energy efficient. Farmers, ranchers, energy price stability. I am very much afraid that costs will rise and what happened last year will happen. The tariff will be reduced from our taxes and from our taxes they will make billions in subsidies. Those who are being coddled by the media, by Mr Mitsotakis, we have a duty to stand in the way of this injustice that is being done at the expense of the production of Greece, of the country.

Friends. Universal protection of agricultural land from confiscation, we have a duty to stand in the way of the de-fellatinization of the Greek economy. Establishment of an end to the confiscation and tax-free status of subsidies, compensation and aid to farmers and, of course, updating the ELGA insurance regulation by extending the coverage of disasters to livestock due to climate change - the Ministry probably does not know what climate change means. And what huge problems it will create in the future and does not modernise the mechanism and the ELGA insurance regulation. Finally, the whole process for the new CAP programmes must be completed exactly within one year without bureaucracy. No more hassle for thousands of farmers and stockbreeders, specific dates for the submission of applications, evaluation and payment.

Friends. In closing I cannot fail to mention. The challenges we had today from Turkey. Many people say that we are waiting in our country for the Turkish elections to be completed and for the environment for discussions with Turkey to change. Indeed, Mr Tsipras, the visionary, says. To make the Aegean Prespes. Mr Mitsotakis is hiding from the real problems. They meet both European leaders, but never once did they talk about an arms embargo on Turkey, which even today Erdogan had spot putting within the Turkish Charter the Northeast Aegean and Western Thrace. It is therefore incumbent on both the Europeans and the Americans, if Kilitzaroglu and Erdogan continue their provocations, the violation of our sovereign rights and the undermining of good neighbourly relations, to stop selling even one bullet to Turkey, because otherwise they are Pontius Pilates. and accomplices of provocations against Cyprus and Greece.

this party? This democratic movement, PASOK. It has always handled national issues with realism and patriotism, without grand talk. That is why I call on the Greeks to trust us on national issues as well. This is the party that put Cyprus in the European Union with the Cyprus problem unresolved. This is the party that created the Helsinki Strategy, which Karamanlis discredited.

This is the party of social justice and national dignity. That is why I invite every Greek here in Ioannina. To trust this party, the democratic party of respect for human rights, the rule of law and the party of hope and perspective for the underprivileged, the party of the middle class.

So that's why, friends. I call on every Greek woman on May 21 together to make a decision to change the page for all Greeks and especially for the younger generation, so that your children and grandchildren can stay here with dignified jobs, so that we can deal with our demographics and give our country a perspective.

So, in closing, I invite you to these last weeks, these last days left until the great battle of May 21. I expect nothing from the channels and from powerful economic interests.

I expect a lot from each and every one of you individually for this. Take in your hands the struggle of PASOK, the struggle of the democratic party from tomorrow morning, in every village of Epirus, in every town, in every workplace, struggle, struggle, struggle until the great victory that will bring PASOK and Mr. Mitsotakis and Mr. Tsipras to the forefront. With the unjust divisive policies that undermine our country in the dustbin of history, good strength and good fight. So here from Ioannina from the heart of Epirus we all together send a message of victory to all democrats, progressive Greeks. Be well and have a good fight. PASOK is here, united and strong, and I invite our candidates to come here, to join hands together for the great victory, together for the common struggle.