I will.
 Does he prefer you.
 Boldly ahead We will this will.
 From.
 They are friends.
 I wanted to be with you today, I am on my way to New Makri where I will soon have the opportunity to inaugurate the new fire brigade training centre.
 This.
 The visit brings back memories of a very difficult evening, which we had to manage.
 You remember it well in the difficult fire where we had to intervene and I think we have demonstrated here in your region the great progress we have made in civil protection issues.
 The best coordination, dear Mr. District Governor, between the fire department of the municipalities.
 We have demonstrated that we put the protection of human life, the protection of human property first and foremost, and friends, as we enter the final stretch of the twenty-first century elections, the dilemmas that citizens face are very clear.
 We will continue forward on the path of progress, of which we have charted this if you like for a year or we will take the risk of going back, of rolling back and losing everything we have achieved in these four years and I think that has a special significance.
 Every time we address citizens.
 I say this because I am also addressing experienced party officials.
 I think he did it very succinctly.
 The President before me to remind you, without joking, without exaggerating, without exaggerating, without complacency, what we have achieved in these 4 years.
 To also remind citizens of what we have achieved, we have not achieved in normal times in normal times.
 We have achieved this at a time when our government has been called upon to manage more crises than any other government in the post-war period.
 Tomorrow tomorrow I will be in Evros and I will have the opportunity.
 Extension of the Evros dam project.
 I want.
 Let me take this opportunity to remind you what those who supported this effort are and who are still standing against it today.
 In the difficult effort that our country is making to secure its borders.
 Just yesterday a SYRIZA MEP supported an amendment.
 Watch, listen to this one asking the European Commission not to fund the Evros fence.
 To listen all is to listen, listen, no need for disapproval, It just needs just need just need judgment and right choice for the next day.
 And to all those inside and outside Greece who told us that Europe does not finance such projects, I answer them by saying two things, firstly, as a result of the Greek intervention, Europe is changing its attitude to know the importance that is attached at European level to the need to protect the external borders.
 Fighting today.
 Wearing their party hat and their party blinkers to undermine the work of this government, I answer them clearly with or without European money.
 The Evros fence will be finished.
 The migration crisis was just one of the many adventures we have had to face in these 4 years.
 We have had an aggressive neighbour, a pandemic that tested the national health system, a major energy crisis as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, a series of natural disasters.
 I believe that all these crises have been managed with competence and efficiency.
 We kept, we kept the ship of our homeland safe and Greece.
 From Greece.
 So I could stand in front of you today, friends, and say Look, my fellow citizens, I have been very busy managing a series of crises and unfortunately I have not been able to implement our electoral programme.
 I don't do it because it's simply not true, despite the great crises we've faced.
 We have been consistent in all.
 Our election campaign.
 East Attica pre-election and I had talked to you now I remind you why we will be committed and we go to see together and judge whether what I had told you we do practice.
 My first commitment, and my most important commitment, was that we would revive the economy and reduce taxes and contributions and we reduced taxes and contributions.
 For all ages.
 Read.
 I was reading that yesterday.
 The government of Spain, Socialist Spain, which even now has not been able to make up the lost GDP from the pandemic, whereas we have far exceeded it, is intervening, it says in the Spanish insurance system.
 And what it does.
 Increases employer contributions We reduce employer contributions.
 We're reducing, we're probably zeroing out taxes on parental benefits and watch what they're saying now, because again he's telling us these policies are classist and when we come into things, we're going to put taxes back on the middle class.
 So be very careful what you vote for, friends, on the twenty-first of May, if we don't want to relive the tax raid that crushed the middle class from 2015 to 19 May, they committed themselves to.
 To you 4 years ago that we would put the economy back on a dynamic growth path.
 Today Greece is the growth champion in Europe 6% growth.
 The development, you know.
 It is not an abstract term of interest only to economists.
 Growth means better incomes, growth means first and foremost more investment and more and better paid jobs.
 300.
000 jobs added.
 Since 2010.
 Sure.
 If you don't have growth you can't support society.
 If you don't have the ability to produce national wealth, how would you support society.
 For example, during the pandemic, I don't think there's a business here in Gerakas, in East Attica, that doesn't recognize or support us and doesn't support us that this government quickly and effectively supported all small and medium-sized businesses in the heart of the pandemic and in doing so we protected jobs and allowed the economy to grow again.
 And we did the same during the Greek crisis.
 All of you get electricity bills and you remember the very great concern, which was there a year ago we were told.
 Citizens are seeing their electricity bills rise a lot and we intervened and you know the intervention we intervened we taxed the excess profits of the electricity producers and allowed the citizens.
 And not this one.
 Will.
 It must first and foremost turn its gaze to our weakest citizens, those who need the greatest support today.
 And indeed our economy today is growing rapidly.
 Tourism is going bullet to put it very simply you know it and you know it better we'll go logically from one record to another.
 Exports are going by train.
 Our agricultural products are at a record high right now, record exports of our agricultural products and our economy as a whole is in such good shape that it has allowed the Greek Republic to be able to be able to go out and borrow in the markets the day after the national elections were called at an interest rate significantly lower than the difference in the spread rate than what the previous governments were borrowing at.
 And all this.
 These are successes of the government, but friends, I want to be honest with you, we didn't do everything.
 Here I think it is very important that we stand self-critically and with a willingness to improve in the face of our failures, masks, our mistakes and I am the last person to tell you that we took a Greece that was in a tragic situation and turned it into a paradise.
 No, there are still major weaknesses and things that need to be corrected, as I was coming over here to talk to you, a fellow citizen caught you and said something to me that I hear all the time.
 Kyriakos change everything and I have to tell you.
 Tragedy in Tempe that so pained us so angered us so I would say, scarred us as a society I am today even more determined to confront all the foci of delays.
 Anachronism Anachronism Anarchism.
 We have made steps in public administration and significantly these 4 villages.
 I don't know how many of you today remember your life before each divorce, if it entered now in our normality for everyone, for everyone that we can communicate with the state from our computer from our city phone, hassle free paperwork, without any small transaction.
 We have made important interventions at other levels as well.
 Take for example the epa up to 2 years ago, when we were looking at citizens' complaints from the public administration.
 50% of the complaints to the Ombudsman concerned the Ephc and mainly delays in the issuance of pensions.
 Lean on the problem, we had the whole opposition against us, we made interventions in the EDF, brave interventions in the EDF and today the pensions are being paid.
 Finally in 2 months and not in 2 years, as it used to be.
 We have shown that we can also intervene in the state, but we need to run faster, bolder and more efficiently.
 And I want to remind you that I personally have given great struggles to modernize the state.
 And when I was Minister of Administrative Reform I remember I was the first, at the time, to insist on the need to evaluate all employees of all.
 Except.
 No punitive mood.
 But so that we can finally reward those employees who stand out, who really make the extra effort so that the state can move forward.
 So, reforming the state will be a central pillar of our policy for the next four years, and we will insist on improving the growth dynamics of our economy, that just as I pledged four domes ago that I would reduce taxes for every Greek, so I pledge now that the next four years will be the four years of better wages.
 For all ages.
 Civil servants will be his.
 Salary scale from 1/01/2024.
 But also for the private sector.
 I want to remind you that this government took the minimum wage to 650 € and from tomorrow from the day after tomorrow from 01/04 the minimum wage goes to 780 €.
 Increase.
 The economy.
 It is growing as we attract investment, as wages will rise and we will close the gap that separates us from Europe.
 Friends, we will have the opportunity in this election period to talk about many things.
 We will take stock.
 As I said, we will do it with honesty, with sincerity, recognising the great progress of our country, but with courage we will also face our weaknesses.
 You know, my friends, I never hid.
 I never hid and always had the courage to take the responsibility that was mine.
 So we can take stock, but mainly we will talk about the future.
 To unfold our programme for the Greece we envision for the major interventions we want to make at all levels, in the state, in the economy, in education, in health, where we still have a lot of work to do.
 The national health system stood up during the pandemic, but it also highlighted chronic pathologies and we will be bold and we will intervene in health and I want you to know that the new national health system will be a personal bet of mine in the next four years.
 Trust me in this area.
 Have no doubt.
 Ο.
 Seriously.
 We find the right solutions.
 So we will talk about the future and confront toxicity and vulgarity with decency and arguments.
 As always befits our great party.
 We will leave nothing unanswered, nothing unanswered, we will reply to every e-mail the moment it is published.
 But mainly.
 We will demonstrate that today.
 In Greece there is only one convincing proposal for governance and that is a strong new democracy for the next day.
 We hear a lot that second ballot right now there is a category, there is a ballot.
 It is the ballot box of the twentieth 01/05.
 Will.
 For the next four years who, and who do people want as prime minister because you have no doubt that this is the central dilemma.
 Who will take responsibility for the governance of the country.
 Who will represent Greece abroad.
 Who will sit in Greece's place in the European Council, who will negotiate with the European Union.
 These choices are crucial.
 It will stand up to a neighbour who has shown that he can be very aggressive with us.
 But who can discuss with a neighbour on the assumption that we can really find a field of understanding always guided by international law?
 Who will protect our borders.
 Who will continue the next day to keep Greece on the path of growth.
 For these we will decide clear solutions, the Greek people will give them at the ballot box.
 May twenty-first and of course you will be at the forefront of this effort and you know that in 2019 we have achieved a great victory.
 We expanded our party and brought together our fellow citizens who had not voted for us in the past.
 We will do the same now.
 I have no doubt that there are our fellow citizens who at the last moment of 2019 hesitated to vote for us.
 They may have been afraid, they may have heard the propaganda of our opponents and indeed in 2019 we presented a plan, a vision for Greece.
 We had not been tested in the suffering of power.
 But now these citizens know, they see, they compare and evaluate the project, they evaluate our project in the four years 2019 2023 and they remember the four years 2015.
 02:19 they have not forgotten, they have not forgotten the referendums, the closed banks.
 It is overtaxing the sea, which has no borders will.
 So they will see, they will judge, they will compare and they will choose.
 I believe in their individual advancement, but also in the collective good of our country and I have no doubt that when the results are finally counted, the ballot box of 01/05 will have a big winner.
 He will be our great party.
 The great.
 These days, between now and the elections, to make all this great effort.
 Elections are not won.
 You know it's only by leadership that all of you are won by all of you.
 You have the responsibility to help our party.
 To take a step will.
 Your friend is your colleague.
 At work your relative who may still be thinking about it and has not made the decision on what to vote for you have to convince these troubled thinking undecided voters that the new democracy is really worth it.
 I wouldn't say a second chance, because the phrase second chance is like saying I didn't make it.
 With the first time and go do well the second.
 No.
 Worthy to continue steadily boldly forward.
 To get up.
