Friends.
Today the message here from Trikala.
It is loud and clear.
As long as they strike the democratic party with paracratic methods, the stronger it will grow, the more it will grow in every corner of Greece.
First of all I want to wish you a happy birthday, because we have many celebrants.
And I want to say that in these difficult days when this election campaign started.
Some are again trying to raise false dilemmas.
But what is the real dilemma of the elections?
It's the egos.
Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis.
Who cannot appreciate that what they have done in the last eight and a half years has led Greece to continue the merry-go-round of lost opportunities.
The toxicity, the division.
So what is the real dilemma?
The real dilemma is whether we as a nation as a people are building a state that guarantees the public interest and security?
Or we continue the game where the rulers will have the state as a booty in their hands with the sole aim of buffoonery and strengthening their power.
So we are getting in the way.
To the things that bankrupted Greece.
The attitudes that drive the young generation abroad.
The practices that make citizens frustrated.
But now the people cannot say they didn't know as they did in 2014.
Now we know very well what Mr.Tsipras and Mr.Kamenos were, and what Mr.Mitsotakis was?
They have been tested.
So today, does Mr Mitsotakis think he can hide his executive failure?
The grave affront to institutions, the widening of social inequalities, the reduction of citizens' purchasing power and job insecurity does not call for a positive vote for the work it does.
He goes all over Greece and spreads the scarecrow of Mr. Tsipras' governance and says.
Vote for me because they're coming.
So I say, from Trikala, vote PASOK so that neither of the two will come.
He even has the nerve.
And yesterday from my homeland, Crete.
To continue the fake news and mythomania, proving his real anguish.
He says that I am preparing a government with Mr Varoufakis.
Says who?
Mr Mitsotakis.
Who, along with Tsipras, Varoufakis, Samaras and all of them together, divided the Greek people when they bankrupted our country.
Mr. Karamanlis.
Who says that?
Those who vindicated Mr. George and did not issue a statement to apologize to him.
Those who are united by the common narrative of the country's bankruptcy.
When did Mr Tsipras ever say a word against Mr Karamanlis?
Never mind that a few days ago he announced his right-hand man on the ballot papers, Mr Antonaros.
When did he say a word of criticism of the bankruptcy administration?
Mr. Mitsotakis ever?
So they come to ask for change and to pose false dilemmas.
This party has nothing to do with the extreme right-wing of Mr.Voridis, Mr.Georgiades, Mr.Karatzaferis, which Mr.Mitsotakis has activated, nor with the extreme populism that Mr.Tsipras has brought to the fore, dividing the country.It is the democratic party, it is the PASOK of Andreas Papandreou, which is proudly rising again as a protagonist in the forefront of our country.
Friends.
But what monstrosity?
There is a worse monstrosity than disrespect for the ordinary citizen.
There is a worse monstrosity than exposing your country internationally.
Just like Mr Tsipras in the referendum of 15 made a mockery of our country worldwide by turning the no into a yes in a matter of minutes.
So Mr Mitsotakis, a few days ago, when European institutions came to Greece to meet the government, he closed the door on them, as countries do.
Press Hungary.
So they are leading the country, through their decisions and their attitudes, to monstrosity and the special exceptional example.
We are fighting for a country and a proud people, a European normal country with respect for human rights, the rule of law and democracy.
We are not fighting for the country of the cover-up of the wiretapping for the country, the cover-up of the TV licence game.
You will not see next to me anyone convicted by a special court 13-0 who we have on our ballot papers, like Mr. Pappas, you will not see on the ballot papers of the democratic party anyone who has insulted the intelligence of the Greek people and the public interest.
But on the other hand.
We have the one who talks about progressive governance.
Progressive governance by turning a blind eye to Golden Dawn is not possible.
He can't.
On the one hand, Mr Mitsotakis leaving 3 years to campaign.
Golden Dawn from prison.
And on the other hand, the so-called left, a few months ago, when we have to show the way to protect our democratic constitution, plays Pontius Pilate to fish in the murky waters of the far right.
I say this so that every Greek understands that our basic political difference is that we are going and moving forward, not on the basis of our political interest, but on the basis of the principles and values of a democratic movement of a people, the people-born movement, such as the one that was founded in the good years of 1974, and if we have hurt the Greek people, some people with their practices are not among us.
He will not be among us again and we are building a new relationship of trust with all Greek citizens.
So that's why on May 21, voting for PASOK is only PASOK.
By voting for PASOK we send these two systems of power to the past.By voting for PASOK you vote for the rule of law, a resilient and competitive economy, a cohesive society, fair development and prosperity for all citizens and not only for the well-liked and powerful.
Today, PASOK, in this new page, is building every day relationships of trust.
The great Nikos Kazantzakis used to say.
What is non-existent is that we did not desire enough.
We in PASOK want a strong and fair Greece in Europe and in the world and we will make this non-existent through our struggle in the next 4 weeks for all Greeks.
We hold on to our best traditions, our patriotic DNA, our historic struggles for democracy and social justice and our unparalleled work on infrastructure and the rule of law.
The welfare state, health and education, the national health system created by George Gennimatas and Paraskevas Avgerinos, the Public Education system that your children and your grandchildren will have.
They were the ones who for many, many years could study in Greek universities, become doctors, lawyers.
The child of the farmer, the farmer's child and to achieve more in life than previous generations, we are the party, the progressive, patriotic party of European social democracy.
Friends, with a strong PASOK on 21 May we are opening a new page for young people and new generations.
That is why we call on the Greek people.
To take a choice of responsibility.
A decision to change.
A decision for change that is a clear choice between a state of opacity that exists only to serve the blue children and a state of meritocracy, transparency and respect for institutions.
They say we have no seats.
15 days ago I said that all political leaders should commit themselves.
That if we participate in the next government.
All the country's institutions and all the hospitals will have their administrations staffed by open international competitions and not by their party children, as has been the case in recent years.
I have not heard either Mr Mitsotakis or Mr Tsipras answer, because they derive their power from the client state and not from meritocracy and transparency.
Friends.
But which state is the state?
Some people were saying in 2014 in Thessaly and all over Greece, don't pay your loans.
Because we are coming together with Kamenos and to be fair, we were not told with Kamenos.
Then they had the surprise kinder.
And they were saying, don't pay seismicity, we are coming and you won't pay anything seismicity on red loans and after a year of deceiving the Greek people, Mr Tsipras passes a law and hands over billions of red loans of farmers, farmers, farmers, cooperatives, small and medium enterprises to the crows of the funds.
So we as a patriotic movement have only one goal.
To put the plan to de-fund the Greek economy on the sidelines and protect all Greeks so that they have a second chance of dignity and can settle their loans in a fair way.
We are not saying that the strategic defaulters should be burned together with the dry and the green, but the people who are being blackmailed by the funds, who took the loans at 5, 10, 15% of the value, are another.
And they're not interested in the growth of the Greek economy, but to speculate a little bit more.
So we have another plan, so we want all the negotiations to be transparent over the table, as it would be with the banking system, and of course what kind of state do we envision?
However, the state is subsidizing the oligarchs and they are making more profits through the energy crisis than in previous years from the taxes of the Greek people.
They are the ones today who are caressing Mr Mitsotakis and whose media did not say a word yesterday about the conclusion of the tragedy of Tempi.
We didn't hear them say and apologize yesterday.
Mr. Voridis, Mr. Georgiades, who said that it is not illegal, said that the transfer of this particular employee, but yesterday the conclusion that was not issued by the judiciary, the committee appointed by Mr. Mitsotakis said that this transfer was illegal.
We didn't hear any apologies because that's all they care about.
It's a show a fake reality to keep their likes at the helm of power.
We are here to prevent any such scenario, because the goal of the democratic party is the interest of the many and not the few that the government of New Democracy serves today.
They ask us what we will do after the elections, who we will go with and who we will leave.
We answer clearly.
We will go with the unemployed young man looking for a perspective, with our fellow citizen who spends 50% of his income on housing costs, with the part-time worker of 400 € and with the pensioner who has been cut off from the EKAS by Mr.Tsipras and cannot earn a month after the fortnight and for this pensioner we are committed to a new EKAS for 350,000 low pensioners.
We'll go with the one who took a mortgage for their main house and now their mortgage has doubled with the small and medium-sized entrepreneur whose bank door remains closed, at the same time as Europe from the Recovery Fund gave 11 billion to support these people who can't get liquidity in the banking system.The new republic gave the first 1.1 billion at 1.2 interest to 67 strong businesses.
Without not getting a drachma small and medium-sized enterprise.
So that is why we are asking for the redirection of the Recovery Fund loans.
We will go with the woman, the working woman who has no place to leave her child in the morning.
As there are not enough nursery places, how do we address the demographic issue?
If we do not support a network of kindergartens and pre-school education throughout Greece to lower the cost of raising your children, it is a priority for the democratic party to address the huge demographic issue.
And PASOK.
How will he use the vote of the Greek people?
We are asked again.
We do not prejudge the will of the Greek people.
We don't set up coalitions on the sidelines and behind the scenes we don't say, like Mr Mitsotakis, that the first Sunday doesn't count and we will hold more elections until he becomes prime minister.
We speak neither of the government of the winners nor of the losers.
I've never seen it before.
Prime Minister.
Bringing in the simple proportional representation and then saying it doesn't use the simple proportional representation.
If I'm not first, so how does simple proportional representation work?
Do you know what all this shows?
Their opportunism.
In the face of Mitsotakis remaining Prime Minister and Tsipras becoming Prime Minister again, they are not interested in progress or stability.
So, for us, the priority from the first Sunday is progress and stability, solutions, a programme, positions and a new political ethos.
Friends.
I am personally committed to a strong PASOK.
That the priority in our negotiations will be the reservoir of 150,000 social housing places, either newly built with the Recovery Fund, as is the case in Spain, Portugal, Italy, or with tax incentives, or incentives for reconstruction in all municipalities in the country.
There are hundreds of closed houses at the same time.
When your children, students in Athens and Thessaloniki, cannot find a cheap house, low rent and decent housing and now do their applications not based on their ambitions, but on their pockets, their grandparents' grandfather and their family with 150,000 social housing units, we give power to young student couples, so that they can make choices of dignity and not of begging.
To agree on the creation of a safety net to protect citizens from private debt.
I said in my previous speeches that 120 instalments for tax and EFKA and when you keep to your arrangement there can be a reduction in the final amount.Similarly, universal protection of agricultural property, so that we can preserve the productive power of our farmers.
Reform of bankruptcy law with an emphasis on corporate rehabilitation and rescue.
Establishment of the right of option for borrowers to purchase their loan before it is transferred to funds.
Protecting the borrower of the 80,000 families of the Swiss franc by limiting to 1/3 their liability for their change, the exchange rate change and 2/3 that the interest rate is borne by the banking institution.
Limits on the profitability of funds for viable arrangements to borrowers, as they buy loans at 15 and 20% and sell them at 80 and 90.
Substantive negotiations with banks and measures to eliminate and prevent increases in interest rates on loans to weak households.
And, of course, a reduction in banks' profit margins for consistent borrowers.
I say this because some will say?
But there is no moral hazard.
There is a moral hazard.
For those who were impoverished, struggled and did not endure.
And because we want to give incentives to those who have struggled and endured for this, we say special arrangements for them as well, so that all Greeks are in a framework of fairness, economic justice and perspective, and not the banks earning billions from the huge difference between the interest rate on deposits and the interest rate on mortgages.
When I proposed all this a year ago, the gentlemen on the right called me a populist.
When the banks will do 3 weeks before the elections, it is a gift from the Mitsotakis government to the mockery of the powerful interests that protect the new democracy.
With PASOK strong we will have a strong new national health system.
Free health care is a priority in a society that pays the third highest private costs in Europe.
Yes, this impoverished country pays the third highest private health care costs in Europe.
We say that the solution is the new NHS.
The government gives a very small percentage of the Recovery Fund to public health.
We are saying to get to a minimum of 8% when other states with similar problems are giving 8 to 10% of the Recovery Fund for their health systems, he says.
We are talking about strong primary health care that will reach every home in the country, the weak Greeks need immediate staffing of our hospitals with permanent medical staff.
As well as an increase in the salaries of NHS health workers in line with those of health workers in the rest of the European Union.
If we continue not to give financial incentives, thousands of doctors and health professionals, as today, will leave to powerful European countries while studying in Greek universities.
Establishment of social, economic and scientific incentives to stop understaffing in the region inclusion of NHS health workers in the heavy and unhealthy category and no more selective increases in allowances.
We say.
Let's come to an understanding on another big issue.
What concerns effective.
Transition to a green economy.
You know everybody is talking about the green age.
We spoke first.
George Papandreou spoke for the first time.
Since the middle of the last decade before the green transition.
Do you remember what New Democracy was saying?
Practice horses.
And the left pretended not to know the issue.
And now, instead of making a green transition with Mr.Tsipras and Mr.Mitsotakis, instead of getting rid of fossil fuels and putting in renewable energy sources, we're dumping our own lignite and putting in natural gas that belongs to third countries, making the Greek people live through the worst energy crisis in Europe and then they come and say, but we reduced your tariff.
The masters of the new democracy.
And where did they reduce the tariffs from their pocket from your taxes reduced the tariffs from one pocket they were taking it and putting it in the other.
What do we suggest?
We are proposing that a large amount of the recovery fund should go to the energy upgrade of the networks, so that in the next few years, as all European countries are doing, we can have hundreds of energy communities in regional municipalities in cooperatives, farmers, farmers, farmers, processors, so that they all know that in the next 15 years they will have stable production costs and not be subjected to global turbulence.
Is that what the government wants?
Your county minister.
Just before August 15th.
It has taken some legislative initiatives.
And he handed over the remaining renewable energy space.
Only to the powerful.
This shows that the new democracy wants the green transition to be the domain of the country's powerful entrepreneurs.
We are calling for energy democracy, energy justice.
Photovoltaics on roofs, in large urban centres, so that no Greek is driven into energy poverty.
And I want to say here from Trikala.
That already in Europe they are discussing a large part of the ETS after 2030 to pay for houses and cars.
But who have the most energy-intensive homes and cars in Greece and Europe?
But the poorer Europeans and the poorer Greeks, what are we going to tell them then?
That they didn't know that in 2023 from Trikala I was saying that all parties should commit to a green transition and social justice for all Greeks and not cry over the broken bones after 2030, as they did with the memoranda.
We look and talk with an eye to the future.
That is why we are building a relationship of trust and honesty with all Greek women, with all Greeks and especially with the younger generation.
And this party has a duty to talk about the future.
A society that does not see the future and that does not take decisions that shield it and make it resilient is vulnerable to all international developments.
It is no accident, friends.
After Lehman Brothers in 2007, PASOK executives said, take measures to Karamanlis, he didn't take measures and we ended up with memoranda.
So we come today in 2023, so that we don't cry at 30, we say take action together, let's learn from everyone's mistakes and not let some people remain unrepentant at the expense of you and your children.
Friends.
The older generations who remember the good of the democratic party of the patriotic movement of the People's Movement of Andreas Papandreou have a duty to speak to the next generations.
Who imagined back then the golden years of the post-independence?
That there would be a neo-Nazi party in Greece.
In the country that Hitler massacred there is a party that celebrates Nazism and neo-Nazism.
That there would be a Holocaust denier party.
Who would have thought?
That there would be people.
In bloody Kalavryta.
In Distomo.
Who would choose this neo-Nazi formation.
I want you to remember which party, from the very first moment of the creation of Golden Dawn, did not campaign against it throughout Greece.
We never talked about a good Golden Dawn, we never fished in the waters of neo-Nazism and the extreme right.
And I want Mr Tsipras to tell us today why he did not pass the law that prevents the participation of Golden Dawn, but I want Mr Mitsotakis to tell us as well.
Why this law?
He didn't tell us to agree on the condemnation of the criminals who murdered Pavlos Fyssas from the very first moment.
Why?
Because they were letting them campaign in prison and they were looking at the polls the other way.
As long as it seemed that they were not getting into Parliament, Mr Mitsotakis was saying.
Bigger balance under 3%, easier self-reliance for me when things were reversed, he came to tell us to come to an understanding, we from the beginning we stood in the way of neo-Nazism, we didn't instrumentalize, we didn't talk about a good Golden Dawn and every Greek democrat, every Greek liberal should remember that.
Friends here from Thessaly from the heart of the country's primary production.
I want to refer in particular to the problems that concern the Greek farmer, the Greek farmer.
In recent years, the policies of recent governments have left farmers to their fate.
The rural population has declined by 260,000 people and the area under cultivation by 260,000 in one decade.
by 6.5 million hectares.
1.3 billion euros of agricultural income was lost, the cost of production in one year from January 22 to January 23 increased by 22.4%.
Increases in electricity, oil, animal feed and fertilisers.
And what has the New Democracy government done to deal with these stifling conditions that undermine the competitiveness of agricultural production?
He gave, as John said.
And following the path of SYRIZA, temporary allowances.
But.
70% of our farmers have debts to the public funds and the EFKA and of course the threat of seizures of agricultural property by the banks is stronger than ever.
The implementation of the new CAP and its programmes is significantly delayed, so farmers do not know what will happen with their applications and when their investments will be subsidised.
The new republic's handling of the new problem that has arisen with the lack of foreign land farmers is robbing valuable hands, with the result that our fruits are rotting on their trees.
Friends.
So this is where we need to have commitments.
So I pledge that if the people honour us.
We will make a new contract of honour with the farmer and the peasant of our country, because, as an old advertisement before the '93 elections said, blood is not water.
Do the rural people of the country know well which party was the one that gave them substance, strength and dignity?
Therefore, immediate implementation to support our producers, reduction of production costs especially for agricultural supplies, fuel, zero excise tax on agricultural oil for the duration of the crisis, with support for energy communities among farmers and production of energy from renewable sources, universal protection of agricultural land from confiscation, introduction of the unconfiscated tax-free subsidies and compensation, aid to farmers.
Updating the ELGA insurance regulation by extending coverage for livestock disasters caused by climate change, something the ministry pretends not to know.
The whole process for the new CAP programmes to be completed within one year with specific dates for the submission of evaluation applications and payments, enough of the hassle of bureaucracy.
We are abolishing the policy of the runner-up beneficiary through proper planning of resources and not wasting them on wasteful provision for decent housing, language learning for foreign agricultural workers with programmes that will make them stay in our country, so that we do not have to face what has been happening for the last year and a half and is creating a huge problem in the harvest and production.
Friends.
But beyond that, a long-term vision for the primary sector is needed.
Which has as a priority to increase the amounts available from the Recovery Fund for the green digital transformation of production and through organic crops and farms.
Strengthening the competitiveness and extroversion of our key national products.
I say everywhere can not tourism.
To be a field of development that only concerns hotels, not the whole of Greece.
If we become a vast hotel, all of Greece wins.
If we link tourism with the primary sector and manufacturing, so that those 20 million people who come to our country can taste domestic products and ask for them in the supermarkets of their home countries during the rest of the months.
Friends.
We have a duty to support our cooperatives, to organise new networks, to ensure better funding, supply of supplies, research centres, promotion of quality products in international markets, creating the "Made in Greece" brand.
Hundreds of Greek PDO and non-PDO products should be on the shelves of supermarkets around the world in the next few years.
Our aim is to give prospects to our production and of course to create conditions of location in each region and subsidise the infrastructure of at least one agricultural park and create a corresponding export body.
Agriculture based on knowledge, modernisation and change, the creation of agricultural schools to train young farmers in modern production needs and incentives for the employment of young people in agricultural production, tax reductions and concessions of public land and its use for new activities and collective producers - all this.
Make your children and grandchildren stay in Thessaly and be able to produce with dignity like you How are we going to deal with the demographic problem if, apart from the welfare state we envision, there are no good jobs in all sectors of the economy, especially in the primary sector and manufacturing.
In conclusion.
This speech.
We are entering the final stretch of the great battle.
The twenty-first of April.
May.
We, as you know very well, are the Party of Democracy.
Of consistency and of struggles.
Which aims to embrace the anxieties of the entire Greek people.
But how do you embrace the anxieties of the Greek people?
If you don't have a new political ethos?
And what is the new political ethos?
Prove that all behaviors.
That brought us into the memoranda is a bad and bleak past.
Any politician who imitates.
Bad practices of the past.
It is leading the country into new economic adventures.
or national.
So we have made a decision and we are in debt every day with our action.
To certify that we are not all the same.
I am not the same as Mr Tsipras or Mr Mitsotakis.
We have no relations.
We have no connection with the creation of digital gangs and digital parastate that divides the Greek people and which was created with our taxes during their years of government by both Mr Tsipras and now Mr Mitsotakis.
Do you know?
It's another thing.
Speak the language of truth?
It is another thing to say, like Mr Tsipras, that we are with the victim of abuse.
And at the same time.
Thousands of accounts drinking water in your name and its executives, like someone here in Thessaly, trying to discredit a woman who had the courage to report abuse.
So I'm scared.
That the Left in our Greece.
From the left of caviar has gone to the left of carnage.
This is not the real left.
The left is the one that respects human rights, the rule of law and all these systems of the parastate and digital gangs have nothing to do with it.
This left is PASOK and the democratic party.
But what is liberalism?
To democracy.
On rights.
Why does everything that has been happening in the last few days remind me of what happened last summer?
The liberal and right-wing, Mr Mitsotakis.
When he discovered.
That I had been sent by the paramilitary Predator that I was being followed by the NSA, of which he is the prefect.
He said he says a half apology.
And at the same time.
Hundreds of its members all over Greece.
Thousands of trolls of the New Democracy were saying well, we made him an agent of foreign powers, we haven't seen these practices of the right for half a century and we have a duty to send them, along with Mitsotakis, to the dustbin of history.
So did you see how similar they look?
So did you see how similar their practices are?
They play themselves as the good guys and their digital parasite underneath deconstructs human dignity whenever they need to in order to support their adventurism.
So that's why, friends, I ask you.
Remember what PASOK is?
PASOK is not a party.
PASOK.
It is a social history, a social current.
Which united under our leader Andreas Papandreou the enormous inequalities of the post-civil war state, the enormous injustices towards the Greek people.
Persecution.
So what is the debt of this movement now in 2023?
It is to answer honestly.
That you're targeting me?
Of our candidates, of our executives.
It is to confront every pathogen.
It keeps the Greek people in the backwardness of the European Union.
We represent a proud movement of democratic principles and values.
That is why I call on you in the next 4 weeks, in the next 30 days, to take the effort of this democratic movement into your own hands.
Hands do not expect anything.
From the domestic oligarchy.
I expect a lot from all of you, from all Greeks, from all Greek women who want a better future for themselves and their children.
So let us join our forces, unite our struggles, unite our hopes and make PASOK the leading actor of the great democratic struggles again.
The message is clear, a strong PASOK means a new victory.
New change, new hope, new perspective, new perspective, a decision for change with Mr Mitsotakis and Mr Tsipa in the dustbin of history, a decision for change, a decision for brave reforms, brave changes that will bring social justice and national dignity, be well and good luck to us in this fight.
The mass gathering from Thessaly shows that PASOK is strong and no matter how much we are beaten we will become even stronger.
So let's fight together, fight together, fight together and be well.
Our parliamentary candidates from all over Thessaly to come up.
Raise the flags of PASOK in the days of social justice, in the days of national dignity.
Together we will fight the fight and together on May 21 we will be victorious, bless you.
