Dear colleagues in the government and in Parliament, Mr.Governor of the Bank of Greece, Your Eminence, Mr.President of the Eurogroup, dear Paschal, thank you very much for your kind and generous words, they mean a lot to me and my colleagues.
 But I think they mean a lot to the Greeks who have suffered a lot and I am satisfied for the first time in many years because we can look to the future with more optimism.
Ladies and gentlemen, while listening to the very interesting presentations so far, I was thinking about Charles Darwin's central thesis that "he survives who ultimately adapts best to change" and I think this sums up the evolution of the Greek economy over the last four years.
Because, indeed, in less than 45 months and even through many successive crises, our country managed to keep pace with the international environment, managed to integrate our national needs, our national priorities into the demands of the times.
 He managed to leap in his steps to make up for lost time, so that Greece is the pleasant surprise of Europe today.
And nothing else in 2023 reminds us of the over-indebted country of the memorandum surveillance, the one that after the capital controls, after the many cuts in wages and pensions, had zero growth, but also low international credibility, with a traumatized and divided society, with the main electricity provider on the verge of bankruptcy, with annual losses of hundreds of millions of euros.
So, in the summer of 2019, we made a new start.
 Four years later we have made up for losses in average income, we have boosted our productivity, our investment, our exports.
 National product returns this year to 2010 levels while the close of 2022 finds us with the second highest growth in the Eurozone.
 This, combined with the strong performance of tourism, is something that we are optimistic will maintain the positive momentum even amid concerns about an international economic downturn.
But, ladies and gentlemen, the growth indicator is not an end in itself.
 It is and must always be a parameter of collective well-being and individual prosperity.
 That is why it is so important that in this four-year period close to 300.
000 new jobs, which is why it is so important that we have brought unemployment rates down by almost 7 percentage points, reaching here too the levels we had before the explosion of the great fiscal adventure.
But the qualitative characteristics of these steps taken in the labour market are also very important.
 With employment growing most among young people and women.
 With the first tentative signs of the reversal of the brain drain, with the first signs that our policy is not only developmental but also socially just, addressing long-standing inequalities.
But not only that, because in the same period, low-paid workers have seen the minimum wage increase three times and from 650 euros, which we received in 2019, it has now reached 780 euros.
Pensioners saw increases for the first time in 12 years, permanent increases close to 8%.
 And above all, our most vulnerable citizens have seen the state by their side in every difficulty, from the many and sudden ones that have occurred so far.
All this did not happen in a vacuum.
 They did not happen in some neutral moment, in a normal environment.
 They happened while the country was facing the global coronavirus pandemic, the hybrid attack of migrant incursions from Turkey on its borders, later the international energy turmoil and the ever-aggressive behaviour of its neighbours.
The solutions, therefore, that we had to put in place with the financial staff, I assure you, were neither obvious nor easy.
 We were forced, as Paschal said, to make difficult choices.
 But I believe that the results justify us, as is also demonstrated by the data presented before by the Minister, the Deputy Minister, the Deputy Minister and the Deputy Minister, but also in this very enlightening short video with which we opened our event.
After all, we should not forget that the final judge of economic performance is not only us but also those who observe, study and evaluate the Greek economy.
 The national economy in these four years has been upgraded 12 times.
 It is now one step away from investment grade.
 And I fully share the optimism of the President of the Eurogroup that Greece, if the elections result in a stable and strong government, will regain investment grade status within 2023.
 It will continue to reduce its public debt, which has fallen faster than any other European country as a percentage of GDP.
At the same time it managed to deal with and limit the effects of the imported crisis of accuracy.
 Inflation is coming down, I think we've seen the worst of it.
 It is important to recognize that inflation in Greece today, while still depressing the cost of living for Greek citizens, is at 5.4%, well below the 7% European average.
 It is the fifth lowest inflation in the euro area.
And something, which I think is also important.
 Christos referred to our country's issuance strategy, the strategy of issuing public debt, which was the one that supported the cash reserves throughout this difficult period.
 Hold on to the fact that Greece successfully issued a five-year bond just one day after the announcement of the national elections.
 Proof that the international community trusts both the present and the future of the country.
Ladies and gentlemen, friends, the above did not happen, did not come at the push of a button.
 I want to remind you that in 2019, from this very place where we presented our programme at that time, I did not promise miracles.
 But I had promised, I had outlined a vision.
 And I had talked to you about a specific plan for the recovery of our economy.
 I was committed to one thing: a lot of hard work.
 And since then I had described our economic targeting as a triangle with parallel political directions on equal sides.
The first side of the triangle was bold reforms that would make our economy more competitive, bridge the investment and productivity gap.
 And many of these have been implemented, including the modernisation of the labour market, the radical overhaul of the investment environment, the capitalisation system in supplementary insurance, since we are talking about how we can use our savings for development purposes.
And of course the National Plan "Greece 2.
0", which is so far the catalyst for more than 100 cutting-edge investments, a plan which - I want to stress - is Greek-owned, a plan which combines investments with bold reform goals.
 A project that has led the Greek economy to already receive 11 billion of European funds, a project in which Greece has been a leader in the way it perceives the use of European funds to launch a great leap forward in development.
 This is one of the reasons why we are also a pioneer in the green transition, with almost half of our electricity needs already covered by renewable sources.
And when we described in 2019 the great reform that will make our state competitive, we were talking about the digital everyday life of the gov.
gr.
 Today this reality is a reality, 1.
500 services make everyday life easier for businesses and citizens.
 A front that is now intensifying in order to achieve an even more effective public.
The second side of the triangle - which I talked to you about in 2019 - was the change in the fiscal mix.
 I think Thodoris (Skylakakis) also spoke very eloquently about an idealistic concept of overtaxation of the middle class, of the working world, by the previous government.
 We pledged in 2019 that we would cut taxes and we cut taxes.
 We cut more than 50 taxes, while at the same time reducing the contributions of workers and employers.
Taxpayers now pay lower ENFIA, lower income tax, the solidarity contribution has been abolished for everyone, parental benefits have practically become free, corporate tax has fallen to 22%, dividend tax to 5%.
 But we also used taxation as an incentive, as an investment incentive to invest in innovation.
 As an incentive to enable, for example, innovation companies, start-ups, to give stock options to their employees.
We have pursued a flexible and growth-oriented tax policy, but watch out, we have done it - and I think this is the great success of our policy - without threatening fiscal discipline.
 And it is indicative that the primary deficit in 2022 - I will be a bit more conservative in my estimates until we see the official data - but it will certainly be much lower than expected.
 And my commitment is fully valid, in 2023, dear Paschal, the country will produce a primary surplus.
 But it is a primary surplus that comes from growth and not from overtaxation.
And the third side of the triangle I talked to you about was the consolidation of the banking system.
 There was a strong concern in 2019 about the stability of banks, mainly due to the fact that our banks still had more than 40% of "red" loans on their balance sheets.
 And from that 45% where red loans were in July 2019, they have now fallen to single digits in September 2022.
 Two systemic banks increased their share capital with private capital, not public money.
 All are now fully shielded from international turbulence.
And I'm sure that not many people four years ago could have foreseen a situation in which banks in Switzerland would be shaken, but our banks would have high capital adequacy and credit institutions would once again begin to perform their main purpose, which is to finance the real economy.
Yesterday, it was announced the expansion of the perimeter of the beneficiaries of the housing loan subsidy program.
 Another important intervention to be able to support consistent borrowers at a time when we are facing the spectre of a sharp rise in European interest rates.
All these, ladies and gentlemen, are indications that our country is no longer a problem but part of the solution in European developments.
 It is therefore no coincidence that today Greece is attracting investments from all over the world, hosting technological giants such as Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Digital Realty, investments of large companies such as Pfizer, many multinational funds that are now investing in Greece, in productive investments in the field of real estate development, tourism, renewable energy, industry, production, and the.
And of course, it is also no coincidence - it was also a product of hard work - that the Economist Intelligence Unit believes that our country has made the most progress in improving the business environment of all the countries that the Economist has studied in the last three years.
And of course the best proof of the fact that we are gradually managing to turn around and transform our production model into a more outward-looking, more competitive production model is our twenty-year export record.
 Yes, not many people in Europe know that Greece is now catching up with the champion Portugal in terms of its exports of goods and services as a percentage of GDP.
But, to be honest, it's a bit of a lie.
 The specific indicators that we have talked to you about today may be of particular interest to anyone who knows how to translate numbers and who is concerned with the big picture of the economy.
 What is very important for us is that the everyday citizen should feel that from these indicators, from this progress that we have talked to you about, his or her own better life also results.
 I believe that this is something that gradually, despite the difficulties and despite the problems that we have faced and despite the mistakes that may have been made, is now being recognised in good faith by Greeks.
Our society has seen in practice the colossal support that exceeded €50 billion and kept production and employment upright in the crises.
 SMEs remember the Reimbursable Advance Payment, a very effective public policy measure that provided cash support to businesses when they suddenly had no turnover at all.
Workers remember that it was the state that protected the jobs and actually took over the cost of their payroll.
 And of course, citizens see the surplus of public wealth returning to the average income, which since 2019 has increased cumulatively by 7% in real terms, more than in Germany, France, Italy and Spain.
It is, in other words, the results of the policy we stand for: growth must expand the overall public wealth and dividends from it must be converted into more employment, into better wages.
 I am very much insisting on this and on more care for the most vulnerable.
 It is a fair combination of overall progress and personal well-being.
We have actively demonstrated our care for the most vulnerable.
 It's something I mean.
 And so knowing that while disability pensions have increased, compensating for some of the inflation, the truth is that the relevant OPEKA benefits have not followed.
 That is why I have chosen as the last, symbolic but also substantial move of this parliamentary term, the immediate increase of 8%.
 Thus strengthening almost 200.
000 of our fellow citizens with the dividend allowed by the good performance of the economy.
Ladies and gentlemen, I won't bore you any further with the citation of data.
 I come to the undeniable conclusion that in four years Greece has gone from being the bad, the problem child of Europe to a good example in many ways.
 I am reminded of how many once divided and disillusioned Greeks are now armed with more confidence, more optimism, despite the fact - as I said - that we still face many challenges, many difficulties.
 I believe we have every reason to be satisfied with the progress we have made.
Allow me, however, to conclude with two comments.
 Firstly, that our national initiatives have always been accompanied by European initiatives.
 We did not go to the European fora, to the Eurogroup, to the European Council, to the European Council of Ministers, talking only about our own problems, demanding only settlements that would be in the interest of our country.
 Obviously we did that too.
 But at the same time, we have also helped to shape a more resilient European policy.
To recall our contribution to the introduction of the single digital vaccination certificate, at a time when nobody in Europe was talking about how we could travel and how we could get the tourism industry moving again.
Let me also recall our very active participation in the establishment of the Recovery Fund.
 When we first talked, along with other heads of state and government, about the Recovery Fund, many in Europe thought at the time that it would be impossible for the most fiscally conservative countries in Europe to take this bold step.
 And yet, five months later, in a marathon negotiation that lasted five days, Europe took a great leap into the future.
 It decided to borrow supranationally at the European level to support countries' development to overcome the pandemic crisis and at the same time link these developments to key strategic European objectives such as green growth, digitalisation, skills support.
Greece was present in all these discussions, just as we were present as Greeks in the recent formulation of a mechanism to control gas prices.
 We were a little late, we paid a lot more money in gas imports than we would have had we moved earlier.
 But Europe has proved and is proving that it can eventually, even if sometimes it takes more time and more detailed consultations, come up with solutions that are in the interest of European citizens and that strengthen the overall resilience and adaptability of the European Union.
And of course, the same applies to the big challenge of the coming months, and I'm talking about the new Stability Pact, an issue that we've been working on a lot, we've discussed it at length with my friend Paschal, Greece has put forward very detailed proposals.
But one thing is clear, and I think we agree on this not only with the President of the Eurogroup but also with most of my colleagues, that in the current context the old rules are ineffective.
 We need to learn from the lessons of the crisis and especially from the lessons of countries like Ireland and Greece, which have suffered and suffered to get on the right track.
 We must not repeat the mistakes of the past.
 It has been shown in practice that debt reduction can be combined with reforms that bring growth.
This, I believe, is also the conclusion of the Greek experience over the last four years.
 So I think that the Greek lessons, the Greek lessons will be useful in this debate to come up with the new rules of fiscal discipline that will govern the way we will conduct fiscal policy from now on.
This experience, however, which we have gained, we are called upon to give it a dynamic continuation, as our country was hit by a crisis that did not last two, even three years as it did in Ireland.
 It lasted almost a decade, while our partners' economic crisis lasted much less.
 And the truth is that there is still a distance that separates us from the European reality in several areas.
 See the example of Ireland, a real example to follow.
 How a country that entered the European Union, much poorer than the European average, has today far surpassed the European average of the European Union.
 There is absolutely no reason why Greece should not be able to achieve a similar great leap forward in terms of development.
And it is this national necessity that demands that the country be punched with the same certainty on the same upward trajectory.
 It is something that I believe will soon be sealed by the choice of Greek citizens in the coming elections.
Our fellow citizens have experienced this transition from populism to realism and from fixation to progress.
 They will compare and judge, weigh and decide.
 Treating - like you, I am sure - what we have discussed today not as a review, but as a milestone.
 As a milestone on an exciting journey, a journey that through difficulties, through adversity, can still hold many more successes for our country and its citizens.
With a milestone, therefore, on Sunday 21 May, when united Greeks will give a second strong mandate to progress, so that a self-reliant Greece can move forward as it deserves, firmly, boldly and only forward.
Thank you.
