Good evening to all, fellow compañeras, compañeros, compañeros.
 Welcome.
 In this.
 An important turning point.
 Just before the elections.
 The presentation of the Central Electoral Committee of Day 25, Alliance for Rupture.
 On the panel with me today, as you can see we have.
 I'll tell it the way it came to me Iro Dioti from Larissa.
 Christo Laska.
 Sorry.
 I forgot to say that Hro will be a candidate of course in the region of Larissa with Christos I do not know yet the massage we do from what I know help and the rest of you so all yes, somewhere you will run Christos want not want.
 But even if you don't come down, you're here with us and that means a lot.
 Dimitris Zervoudakis.
 B Thessaloniki.
 Marianna Tsihli.
 A Athens Dimitris Tatoulis, South sector B3 Athens.
 And of course to the wisdom of Sakorafa.
 I forgot something.
 Sophia Sakorafa's head of state.
 And I didn't mention the Alexakis girl because she's my other half in everything, so.
 I take this opportunity to say that Litcha and I met on the sidewalk.
 On the sidewalk on Victory Street, under the Treasury, when as the red glove was there to basically to protest against me as I was entering as Finance Minister and instead of having a clash, since then our paths have been inseparable.
 Corfu.
 The common ground that we all have in common, and we are all here, is a common path.
 On the streets of the movements.
 The struggles and basically the no that we all honored together from 05/07 until today.
 The mission of the Central Electoral Commission is simple.
 To coordinate politically, organizationally, communicationally the electoral struggle of our faction day 25 alliance for rupture.
 Our ballot papers.
 Today, at this time announced.
 We will not read them to you, we live in the Internet age.
 Click, download, they are created with love, with companionship, with a sense of.
 The selfless contribution of each and every one to this common struggle.
 All of us.
 We have joined the project of first-time rupture.
 Why the break did not happen in 2015.
 The break was discussed in 2015.
 We who are in here have said it and meant it.
 The rest.
 Who voted for the memoranda of the comrades with whom we were elected together in 2015, they didn't mean it and the first time left became a huge defeat for the left in Greece, in Europe, in the whole world.
 We here met in the struggles in the movements.
 Outside the House, but our goal is to get these voices.
 And people who have not yet joined us.
 To carry them within the House much stronger, not only in terms of numbers, but in terms of the quality with which we carry them.
 The voice of no, the voice of resistance, the voice of the alternative project.
 Not only a rupture but also the creation of a non-exploitative society, a Greece that will once again become a protagonist in the global progressive agonist movement.
 Why Day 25, alliance for rupture we are asked by journalists and we answer.
 The future is no longer what it was.
 Both the youth and the small and medium-sized, working people of course.
 The pensioners.
 People of toil, of agony regardless of age, know that the troika, the local establishment.
 And the New Republic, PASOK and SYRIZA made sure of that.
 The decent future.
 Neither good education nor hard work can ensure it anymore, whether young or middle-aged.
 The people out there, whom we represent, are not interested in cockfighting.
 He is not even interested in the names of those who will rehearse the ministerial suits and get into the ministerial limousines.
 They only care about a decent future.
 But a decent future requires the rupture, the rupture that 62% of the Greek people voted for in '15, but which the New Republic, PASOK and SYRIZA conspired to overturn on the same night and KKE never honoured never believed never believed never believed.
 He supported it.
 Thus achieving the huge defeat on the Left, to which I have referred, but fellow comrades of every generation.
 This is something we need to remind, especially to young people.
 It is doomed to fight the same fight over and over and over again.
 That is why we are here before I talk about the 3 pillars of our programme.
 And before.
 I'll give the floor to the rest of the panel and the rest of the panel.
 I want to read you a few words.
 They are not written very recently.
 But I think they have a value because they give this timelessness to our project.
 I read the oligarchy of private capital, whose colossal power cannot be effectively controlled, even in a democratic society.
 This is because MPs are elected by political parties funded by businessmen.
 Whose aim is to distance the elected deputies from the municipality with a capital D that elected them, as a result of which the representatives of the people do not defend the interests of the underprivileged, and even more so in the current circumstances, or the businessmen inevitably control the main sources of information and education.
 I believe, the author continues.
 The deformation of the personality of the individual, the greatest evil of capitalism, the whole educational system contributes to this evil.
 I am convinced that there is only one way to put an end to all this evil - society owning the means of production and managing them by design.
 However.
 However, this author continues, it must be remembered that a planned economy does not necessarily mean that socialism will be achieved.
 The planned economy itself can be accompanied by the complete enslavement of the personality.
 The achievement of socialism requires the solution of extremely difficult social problems.
 And political problems, for example, how, taking into account the deepening concentration of political and economic power, to prevent the transformation of the bureaucracy into a power that holds complete authority.
 How to protect the rights of the individual and at the same time guarantee a democratic counterweight to the power of bureaucracy.
 These were written.
 Twenty-first of May I think the twenty-first of May is important.
 Anniversary, so.
 Consistent with.
 On the day of the elections were written 74 years ago.
 Guess who.
 Albert Aidan.
   3 general axes axes that bring us together 3 general axes of our programme.
 Liberation from exploitation, democracy everywhere, authentic humanism when I talk about liberation from exploitation, the first stage of course, is to break with the plunder, with the red loans, with the energy exchanges, with the total profiteering of the oligarchy, with the patriarchy.
 This means immediately applicable solutions to the 100-day programme.
 Day 25 alliance for rupture means no repeat of 2015.
 We will not negotiate these 7 points before we legislate them, we will legislate them first and then we will see where it goes with Brussels, Frankfurt, Berlin and Paris.
 In addition to the immediately applicable solutions.
 A plan for productive reconstruction on the basis of radical ecology and a long-term programme for the socialisation of the means of production, something which developments in what I call the cloud capital of computational capital, algorithmic capital, artificial intelligence, make even more imperative.
 The second democracy everywhere.
 What this means.
 For a start I consulted councils of conscripts and elected citizens.
 The new content in democracy.
 With a medium-term objective.
 One, one worker, one worker, one share, one vote and basic income, no capital, no bureaucracy, no private mania, no statism.
 And the third.
 The third axis, authentic humanism, means our participation in peace movements.
 Unbound movement, new unbound movement, internationalism, radical ecology again because it is part of our geostrategic strategy.
   In conclusion, friends, compañeras, companions, compañeras, compañeros.
 Elections are not an end in themselves, they are a means, they are an opportunity.
 For us today, today's gathering and other gatherings we have had so far and those that will follow.
 It must be and I believe that it will be the beginning of the creation of the new great faction of the agitating, unyielding, disobedient, disobedient, selfless left.
 First time rupture because everything can and should be different.
 Thank you very much, I will now give the floor in the order I almost mentioned.
