Friends and friends.
 A big thank you.
 For your thunderous presence today, which proves that we are very close, we are very close to making Crete, the Castle of PASOK, the Castle of the democratic party, once again.
 The party that changed Greece.
 That made her strong and creative.
 Which strengthened social justice and gave opportunities to all Greeks and especially to the younger generations, the party of the great infrastructure projects of the European perspective, but above all of national dignity.
 It is the party that has taken root in the country with historicity, with a strong social root, because it embodied the visions of the Greek people for hope, especially for those who were the underprivileged of the time.
 This party, through a long history, returns today renewed, united and determined to claim a strong leading role in the coming national elections.
 And that is in the hands of each and every one of you.
 We have a duty to be at the forefront of the battle for a modern resilient Greece for a sustainable development for a strong participatory democracy.
 This has always been our battle, after all.
 This is the battle we are called upon to fight again.
 Who waited in the years 2023, 2022.
 To be faced with scandals such as those of eavesdropping.
 Is it possible for someone who wants to call himself a Liberal to organise a parastate of eavesdropping at the Maximos building against his political opponents?
 Is he a liberal who, while at first.
 He says an apology like this one after the tragic accident in Tempe.
 Then trying to portray the political leader of the country's third party as an agent of foreign powers.
 Did all this happen in the years before the post-independence.
 Is this the worst face of the right.
 This is the person we are called upon to send back to the dustbin of history in the next national elections, as in 1981.
 And I say this.
 Because.
 Older people remember, but younger generations must learn.
 To teach the younger generations that democracy.
 It is something for which great sacrifices were made in the country.
 Respect for institutions is something sacred for which too many people.
 The post-civil war years were very hard times and we will not allow anyone to undermine institutions and democracy.
 Either as Mr. Tsipras did from '15 to '19, or as Mr. Mitsotakis did recently.
 So it's not a matter of gossip.
 The issue of eavesdropping is why the European Parliament and the European institutions are so concerned about it.
 Because they know very well that there can be no prosperity and economic growth without strong democracy, transparency and meritocracy.
 These are interconnected and these are the great motives for the struggle that we must wage for a modern great change.
 Unfortunately, this meeting here.
 It was to be done about 10 days ago.
 Postponed after the tragic accident in Tempe.
 Where dozens of young people, young children, students, our children, your grandchildren suddenly.
 They lost their lives because a state failed to ensure.
 Something very simple, security.
 The safe transport.
 When in 2023 trains are considered the most important investment for climate transition.
 In order to have low emissions, all European countries invest in this mode of transport, because it is the least polluting, the least energy-intensive and we not only did not invest in this public transport.
 In essence, we have a line in the country, but we have not even managed to ensure the safe passage of citizens to their destination.
 So mourning has deeply stained the homeland.
 That is why our thoughts today are focused on the victims, their families and loved ones.
 But we also have our eyes on the thousands of Greek children who are taking to the streets all over Greece in recent days because they are looking for dignity and a better life and we must embrace the struggles of these people with honesty and sincerity, without populism and elitism, without false hopes and false narratives.
 But with the struggle of the concrete that improves everyday life that makes the country a country that can offer meaningful.
 Services to the citizen of.
 Friends and friends.
 After this tragedy, the curtain automatically opened.
 Disclosure for the second time.
 What is the executive state.
 Mr Mitsotakis.
 What is this system of power in the Maximos Mansion.
 The so-called merit system.
 A system.
 That when everything goes well, it's done on command.
 Mitsotakis.
 When nothing goes well, Mitsotakis knows nothing.
 So, this absolute irresponsibility.
 This absolute irresponsibility.
 To be decided in the next national elections.
 But it will be judged through a sequence.
 Traumatic experiences for the Greek people.
 So we have a duty today to embrace these young people who see clientelistic systems of power as having only one interest.
 How to keep the chair of power.
 So the dilemma of the coming national elections is not Tsipras or Mitsotakis.
 It is not a new democracy or SYRIZA.
 The real dilemma is either a state that is a prey to the rulers of the day to exploit it with the sole aim of the client state and the strengthening of their power.
 Or a state that will guarantee the public interest and give a perspective to all Greek women and men.
 On this second bank the democratic party stands proudly.
 Historical Historical.
 Since 1981 from the years of prosperity, but up to the years of bankruptcy.
 Who told the truth to the Greek people.
 Who made the clarity.
 Who are the people who used open gov to select not their party children, but Greek executives inside and outside Greece.
 Who honoured their positions in that short period of time.
 Who made the independent authorities so that there would be institutional counterweights in the place that today.
 The new Democracy is fighting, but Mr Tsipras, Mr Polakis fought fiercely in previous years.
 They are the same.
 When.
 The excellent judge, Mr. Rammos, Mr. Menoudakos are struggling to teach the Greek people.
 The misdeeds of the wiretapping are the same ones that are being mercilessly beaten up by the friendly media of the new democracy.
 And they were the same people who were targets when they said that this TV licence competition cannot take place because it violates the legal culture of the country.
 So the 2 players in the political system have only one principle.
 They are capable of doing anything just for the position of power.
 Instrument with the situations.
 One said it would change Greece and bring strong institutions and the other said it would bring social justice.
 You are experiencing the results today in your own skin.
 Greece is experiencing huge inequalities.
 Missed opportunities with European Recovery Fund funds.
 For the first time it is being targeted by the European Union for democracy issues, as it was for economic issues in previous years.
 The Greek people deserve this future.
 We have to fight to show that there is another way, a way of dignity.
 I'm not going to instrumentalize either anger or indignation.
 But it is fruitless to open together a new road of prospects for all Greeks, a road of prospects for growth, good jobs, which will make your children stay in Greece, to create and build the strong Greece of the future.
 But let's take it all in order.
 What happened in Tempe.
 The questions have been answered.
 He says TRAINOSE should have been privatised.
 It had very big debts and very big problems.
 300 million euros would have been privatized before the SYRIZA government.
 Mr Tsipras considered it a sell-out and sold it for 45 million euros, giving away its debts and at the same time giving the Italians 250 million for the barren lines.
 I want to emphasize that this company has no experience in transporting commercial cargo.
 But only passenger cars.
 So how would we build our networks and take advantage of the country's geopolitical position by making it a hub of trade and transport after the investments that were made in the port of Thessaloniki and the port of Piraeus, how would it bring the gold.
 The silver arrow.
 Mr Tsipras on these networks of scarce investments and how Mr Mitsotakis would have included them in the Recovery Fund.
 The hydrogen trains, as he used to say.
 Mockery on the back of the Greek people.
 They set up a rail regulator.
 They staffed it with people who know what a train is.
 Or they were filling it with party buffers with party buffers, because otherwise they had done their job properly.
 The 717 contract of 2014.
 Why we are talking about human error.
 Many times human mistakes are made.
 But there is the technology.
 That exists throughout Europe around the world to protect human life from human error.
 And not to be in the hands of a New Democracy bribe, so many dozens of human lives that they have the audacity to spread the blame over the past 20 and 30 years, instead of answering.
 How is it possible, when the age limit for transfer is 48 years, that a man 10 years older than himself and with little experience can be in this position?
 And why did not proceed contract.
 They can say they didn't know.
 The Convention, dear friends, said that despite any obstacle it would be implemented with 41 million European programmes in 2 years.
 In 2016.
 Nothing happened.
 From 2017 to date it has received 7 extensions under both SYRIZA and New Democracy.
 And they are now saying that the project will be implemented in the coming months.
 I want you to know this, even if the project is implemented in the coming months.
 The protection class will be number one for Greece, when in the whole of Europe the protection class of trains is now number 2.
 What this means.
 That in a few years we will be looking for spare parts and we will not find them to satisfy these protection systems and why they do not go to number 2 directly that these gentlemen of the new democracy and SYRIZA must return the 55 million euros that the project costs to the European Commission.
 This is the Greece that the Greeks do not deserve.
 It is the Greece of low expectations that protects powerful economic interests that does not want to put order in the public sector that is state-demanding, but at the same time when it privatizes, it does so only in terms of speculation of the powerful and not in terms of the public interest.
 So the issue is not the state private sector.
 The point is that nothing works if there are no rules and transparency criteria, because these policies want to.
 Strong institutions institutions institutions that when the Minister picks up the phone and says Appoint the MEP's stickler.
 Larissa, in this key position will say the state, No sir, we do not buffet.
 When the Prime Minister's nephew picks up the phone and tells the NSA he's been following this MEP, he will say the state we envision.
 No sir, we are a service that serves the Greek people and not the interests of the government of the day.
 This is the state that exists throughout Europe.
 This strong state confronted with the power that sees it as a prey is our vision.
 Friends and friends.
 We have a duty to talk about the future.
 And to address the pathologies.
 What is the future.
 The future is a strong resilient economy.
 Says Mr Georgiades.
 Mr Mitsotakis, but we have developed, do you not see it as a strong development.
 We have foreign investments what are these foreign investments.
 Half of the new jobs are of 400 €.
 The Recovery Fund, a game in the hands of the few.
 I'll say a lot about it later.
 Real estates and sale to funds.
 How long will this last.
 Until when Greece will be sold out.
 We invest in the deflation of the Greek economy.
 It's filled Airbnb.
 And I am not talking about the 1 and 2 of the private Greek who rents the house in the village or the house in Gouves or Makry Gialos.
 I'm talking about companies that take apartment buildings in big urban centers and turn them into short-term rentals and when your child goes to find.
 Roof to study in Athens is prohibitive the cost of living is prohibitive when a young couple go to Thessaloniki to build their lives.
 Rents have doubled.
 According to official European Union figures, we are first by a huge margin from second in housing costs across the European Union.
 So why don't we make another policy.
 And what is this policy.
 It is the policy that puts a stop to the grafting of the Greek economy.
 And I start with the red loans, which.
 There are many people here who have been very involved and Mr. Spyrakos is the executive.
 The Secretary General who wrote with his little hands the Katseli Law, Spyrakos is the man who prevented thousands of Greeks from getting their first home in previous years, when today New Democracy says that I can't do anything and the Supreme Court makes such decisions, they should think that we and Mr Spyrakos negotiated with the worst troika in the most difficult time.
 The first 2 years of bankruptcy.
 And they succeeded in protecting the first home.
 So what do we say about private debt?
 First.
 First residence.
 A new law along the lines of the 2010 law that protects with objective criteria.
 And with a special of course.
 Framework for the cost of first homes.
 We are not talking about villas and people in need.
 It protects them universally, it solves the problem, it redeems them, it does not hold them hostage based on what they have paid back the loan and, of course, based on their financial capacity.
 But universal protection.
 Secondly, we are not discussing taking the farmland foreign agent and funds.
 A huge obstacle must be put in the way of the de-fellowship of agricultural land.
 We are a country of small lots.
 This creates a problem for competitiveness.
 We do not need to hand over the agricultural land that our country has to foreign economic agents.
 Debts to EFKA and tax authorities 120 instalments.
 Anyone who adheres to the 30% regulations, a reduction from the capital and of course incentives for those who have green loans with lower interest rates, so that those who have kept their loans green also feel that we are giving them a perspective to continue their efforts in Swiss francs.
 This morning I was on Radio Crete.
 And before I did the interview, a gentleman was talking about his problem.
 It is 80.
000 families.
 Banks cannot say they did not know what could happen with the exchange rate change.
 Not in 1990 it became the same with the yen.
 So there was previous experience.
 These people are on the brink of disaster, too many people, that's why we say 1/3 of the exchange rate change should be borne by the borrower and 2/3 by the banking institutions that gave these loans that turned out to be high-risk loans.
 Friends and friends.
 Recovery Fund.
 What we want from the Recovery Fund is 32 billion 10 billion euros got the banks.
 You know, we're the only country that took all the loans from the Recovery Fund.
 No other country has taken all the Recovery Fund loans.
 A country of a similar size to us Portugal.
 Retrieved from.
 Half of the.
 Money from the Recovery Fund loans but not given to the banks.
 It made a special financial institution with beyond market criteria, with criteria of SME partnerships with green criteria, with job criteria and gave low interest loans to SMEs.
 Because Portugal, like us, are countries where the backbone of the economy is small and medium-sized enterprises.
 So you know what happened in our country.
 With Mr Mitsotakis as Prime Minister.
 By the end of 2022 only 68 companies have received 1.2 billion euros of Recovery Fund loans at an interest rate of 1.2 for the next 11 years.
 When the majority of small and medium-sized enterprises, for whom Europe created this fund and not for the powerful, cannot even get through the door of the banks.
 We are ready to change these distortions and we are ready to confront all these interests that want to take over any opportunity in the country.
 Second issue we said about housing costs.
 What the other countries are doing.
 They're doing an extensive social housing program.
 Portugal 20-26.
000, Italy 11.
000, 10.
000 Spain.
 We have included 70 houses in Athens and 30 in Thessaloniki in the Recovery Fund.
 And then I started saying that this thing is a huge scandal, when the country is first by a very wide margin in housing costs.
 The new democracy announces a programme that says what.
 We give, he says, public property for developers to come in, build new houses, half of them to rent and half to sell.
 But what I'm saying is not to give low-interest loans so that people can get new.
 Ownership is not the philosophy of social housing across Europe.
 What is the philosophy.
 I build new houses, I record the closed houses in Thessaloniki alone are 15.
000.
 I give tax incentives for their owners to open them.
 Zero ENVIA low tax I give the European program the money to reconstruct these houses with a commitment for 10-15 years, these houses to be put in a social pool and only rented to young couples.
 Or to Greeks with social criteria, low with a low amount.
 Why?
 Why is there competition when you have to rent.
 100-150.
000 houses with social criteria with 300 and 400 € you force the other houses in the urban centres to lower the cost and so they do not only gain 150.
000 families, but gains half a million citizens, as similar surveys show.
 So here it turns out.
 A different philosophy.
 The philosophy of maintenance that creates a customer relationship.
 And the philosophy of progress that creates a sense of strong social justice.
 This is PASOK and this is the beacon of all our political choices.
 These are our principles and these are our values.
 Recovery Fund, then Health.
 What health.
 We are the country.
 The third country.
 In private health spending across Europe.
 Only Bulgaria and Lithuania pass us by, because the NHS has collapsed.
 We didn't see it in the pandemic.
 Go on to say if there was no pandemic did not get Mr. Mitsotakis.
 But there was a pandemic.
 Which didn't work out so well in the end.
 And it's not just deaths from covid.
 It is and how many other people.
 They froze their screening tests.
 And how many more people with serious illnesses because we don't have a strong primary health care system, the whole burden fell on the hospitals and they didn't get the services they needed?
 As the state was obliged to give them.
  so the experience of the pandemic shows only one way.
 You can't have the Italians using 10 out of 100 from the Recovery Fund, the Portuguese 8% and we only use 4 out of 100.
 With all the problems we have and half of it going to energy upgrades in hospital buildings, so only 2% in services.
 So we say 10 out of 100 of the NHS Recovery Fund, but what NHS.
 A strong network of Primary Health Centres throughout the country, something that is lacking in Greece and exists throughout Europe.
 Incentives.
 Financial incentives for NHS workers.
 Not just clapping, as the new democracy did.
 And of course, incentives for new specialities.
 There is a very big shortage, resulting in too many surgeries.
 You are here, many doctors know them to take constantly.
 In specific hospitals lacking these specialties.
 Extensions.
 So, we built the NHS with George Gennimata and Paraskevas Avgerinos.
 We aspire to reestablish it as a pillar to address social injustices so that the Greek people stop paying such high costs for health services.
 And it showed the new democracy why it did not use the recovery fund, the last law of the New Democracy that makes a public good.
 Weapon of speculation by powerful economic interests.
 That's why Article 10 of the law of the New Republic.
 Recovery Fund last point, but very important because it concerns manufacturing, farmers, stockbreeders and every Greek who is at risk of energy poverty.
 What is the last point.
 In Crete there is now a cable that connects us with the rest of Greece, because it is these cables.
 These cables were made to make a fair green transition.
 Green transition means moving away from fossil fuels and towards renewable energy.
 Fair what the so-called democratisation of production means.
 Some people are put off by the expression, but this is the reality.
 So what does fair and democratisation of production mean?
 It means that this cable.
 It will not be exploited as a priority by the 5 big players who are exploiting the renewable energy sources, but by the people of Crete with photovoltaics on the roofs with energy communities, such as now Kalochori with energy communities for farmers and herders.
 This should be a priority in terms of connectivity.
 And not.
 To create a confrontation in local communities.
 Don't, knowing that we have a debt to future generations.
 To make our island an ecological island, a green island.
 I'm not talking politics, I wish I was talking politics and energy.
 An.
 Which will interconnect with low production cost.
 Tourism.
 The primary sector and manufacturing.
 For what is our perfect goal.
 The strategic objective.
 Of our patriotic economic plan.
 The goal is not to have millions of visitors coming here.
 And to take advantage of their presence for one week and 15 days.
 Our patriotic plan wants these people to become ambassadors of local products in their countries of residence 12 months of the year to boost our exports, our wines, our oil, our processed products.
 After Portugal and Spain have done so.
 So why can't Greece.
 Friends and friends.
 In conclusion I want to say.
 On labour rights.
 In a country where it is a major social issue to have decent wages for workers, especially when Greece is at the lowest level at 50% of the European average.
 When minimum wage earners have lost a very large part of their purchasing power after the energy crisis and inflation.
 We have been saying for months now in the new democracy.
 Take a legislative initiative and Mr Mitsotakis says tomorrow during the election, while holding tens of thousands of Greeks hostage, to announce the measure of.
 We tell him today from Heraklion to follow the proposal of the workers and not to announce a single euro less than the proposal of the GESEE for the minimum wage, especially because of the very big economic crisis.
 But that is not enough.
 It must liberalise three-year contracts so that those paid on the lowest salaries can at last progress in terms of pay.
 To declare.
 As obligatory the sectoral agreements that have been signed with the first one for hotel employees, which concerns especially Crete and thousands of workers on our island and the rest of Greece.
 We wish as PASOK.
 This time tomorrow to be the last government intervention concerning the minimum wage.
 We are determined, if our people give us the power, to return the setting of the minimum wage to the social partners themselves through the national general collective agreement.
 Friends and friends.
 Closing.
 I really want to thank you for your touching presence here today from your native land.
 Crete has historically had a love affair with PASOK and Andreas Papandreou.
 A love that remained indelible.
 The Crete of the Games of Democracy.
 And social justice is always.
 On the front line we remember here and I remember as a child outside these pharaonic gatherings of Andreas Papandreou.
 George Gennimata, so it's very big.
 My emotion today.
 Which I see that.
 again PASOK and the democratic party is rooted in the heart and soul of the people of Crete and it is our duty to fight in the coming weeks, neighbourhood by neighbourhood, village by village, new and old members, to make PASOK again the leading force in Heraklion, in the Castle of Democracy, the Castle of the Struggles for social justice and national dignity.
 We have a duty to speak the word of truth.
 We have a duty to show a new political ethos.
 What children are looking for in the squares all over the country.
 You know what they say Everyone is the same.
 We have a duty to prove that we are not all the same, not in words, but in deeds and will.
 Let the Greek people think about whether what I am saying is honest, whether it is honest.
 I want him to think.
 When it came up.
 A scandal.
 Involving the European Parliament and involving a PASOK official.
 In how many minutes we reacted by showing that we are not being held back by anyone, that we have made a decision on the phenomena that undermine the confidence of the Greek people in politics.
 We must be relentless and it is a personal commitment of mine to the Greek people, but let the citizens think.
 Did Mr Mitsotakis show the same sensitivity for his nephew, the protagonist of the wiretapping, who did everything he could to protect him and the companies involved?
 No, of course not.
 He did the same Mr Tsipras with his best friend when the Special Court convicted him with 13 zeros for the tender and the trading of TV licences with powerful interests behind the scenes, he barely put him on the ballot paper and even when the same judges acquitted Touloupaki they issued a statement of great joy.
 And success, when the judges themselves condemned Papaggelopoulos, they condemned the judges.
 This is not justice for all.
 It is justice for us, but not for Tsipras and his company and Mitsotakis and his company.
 We have a different ethos, we have different principles, different values and you can be sure that even if it comes up it will have the same fate as what happened last week.
 One little misdemeanour, one little misdemeanour.
 Which our political opponents have exploited with audacity to turn the eyes of the Greek people away from the real responsibilities of the tragedy.
 We dealt with it with directness.
 I say this because we will build step by step credibility and a relationship of trust with the Greek people, because credibility is very difficult to win.
 But if you are not firm in your principles, it is also too easily lost and because we have all been hurt.
 From such phenomena I pledge to you that there is no way there will be zero zero zero tolerance to phenomena that hurt the Greek people and especially the confidence of the younger generations.
 Friends and friends.
 So I invite you to fight this fight together.
 Take the party in your hands.
 We have the arguments, we have the history, we have the offer, we have put our heads together, we are not unrepentant like our political opponents and we ask again for a strong mandate for change from the Greek people.
 We have a duty to embrace all generations with honesty and sincerity, to give perspective to the young, to give hope to the working people, to give confidence to the creative productive forces of the country.
 We have a duty to protect the underprivileged of our time, the vulnerable Greeks.
 This is democratic socialism.
 This is social democracy.
 This is PASOK, this is the democratic party.
 This is our agony and this will be the banner of the victorious struggle we will fight in the next national elections.
 Therefore, all together for the new change, for the great victory, we wish you well and good strength in this new effort, the effort of dignity and perspective for all Greek women and all Greeks.
 Be well.
 Thank you very much.
 For your moving presence, be well.
