The President of the parliamentary group of the Greek solution now has the floor.
Thank you very much, Madam President.
Ladies and gentlemen, we live in a peculiar regime.
And I say idiosyncratic, because we see a fearful prime minister announcing elections on television.
He's the TV Prime Minister of the last 50 years.
 Proclamations, proclamations, orders, apologies, apologies again from a man who has understood that he is Prime Minister of the country and leader of a party and must speak in the Greek parliament.
It's been more than 20 days and still neither Tsipras nor the Prime Minister has shown up here.
 Specifically on the issue of temps.
And there's something else here, of course, he announced elections, but he didn't tell us the day.
He never told us.
Here we are talking about a real discrediting of the parliamentary constitution and democracy by the Prime Minister himself.
And then the kids up there, when they hear the word politician, I imagine that they too, like my own kid.
They say the following.
Always irresponsible, never the fault of the Greek politician.
Always fearful, the Greek politician always hides in the mass media and in the immunity they give him, because that's where the journalists have a special attitude towards him.
Always looking for immunity to hide when he has broken the law or irregular or.
These are the Greek politicians and that's why young children don't vote and that's why the new democracy is afraid of young children going to vote and is leading the elections into the summer.
All this, Minister.
We have a political system and politicians of limited responsibility like the EIA.
You know from economics, Prime Minister, who think that they are addressing citizens of limited understanding, because through the judiciary and the media they have succeeded in limiting the responsibility of politicians.
Because both justice and the media.
Controlled.
It's their washing machines.
This justice, the evil justice, the justice that decides on the appointed and the children must learn from the ministers and Prime Minister A that the lawlessness and make the Prime Minister whoever Prime Minister, the justice appointed and appointed are their friends, will not punish them.
But if the father of a child steals 1000 € or commits a tax evasion slip of 3000 €.
They're gonna put him in jail.
How fair is this system?
How serious is this state.
And you know.
We have all learned here in the Greek parliament an apology, apology, apology.
Sorry.
We learned forgiveness, forgiveness, forgot forgiveness, forgot forgiveness, didn't see forgiveness, didn't know forgiveness, didn't hear forgiveness, and forgiveness without repentance, even the priest of our parish does not accept.
And repentance means giving up politics once and for all, because young children were sacrificed in Tempe.
This means repentance.
Because among the people who got lost I'll say it again once more I lost my best friend of 30 years leaf through the blood.
Something and my friend.
My daughter's classmates are gone, her fellow students.
3 girls, 20 to 22 years old.
And an apology, one thinks, without remorse, without repentance, which means I'm leaving politics and with me there is not only one person to blame.
 All the politicians of the two thousand and 12 will not stand for election again all the secretaries general of the ministry in question all the officials.
 The company is prosecuted with bracelets, go prove that he did not know and TRAINOSE all the defendants.
This is what justice means.
This means repent.
 This means the blood of children.
 It's not a waste.
And Mr. Staikura, really I...
According to PASOK PUBLIC or similar life, i.e. they do not want to see children.
 Look, this is PASOK and how children don't know how to vote some of your parents empty the benches There are never come, talk and go.
The PASOK.
Such desperation of a political leader yesterday.
I did not understand what Mr. Lakis said, if anyone understood that the Katerini but said today.
I personally wonder which Greeks are voting for PASOK and now.
Because PASOK is partly responsible for the fact that Greece has never had a railway and SYRIZA in four and a half years and the new democracy in 30 years.
Mr. Androulakis suggested, Listen now to songs of democratic decadence.
In government, he says, but without Tsipras or Mitsotakis.
The third, because he cannot govern alone or does not want to govern and Stavroulakis wants to co-govern with the New Democracy or with SYRIZA, but without the 2 leaders.
I really can't understand.
What this means in politics.
And here we come again to the government, which is playing with words and with people's pain.
 From everything was working properly of the most prominent minister of the Republic on the first day of Mr Georgiades to Mr Economou saying, we never said that the telecommunications works all along the network.
 We said that stationmaster could on the local control panel to plot automatic course which is out of kind, one that is a kind of telecommand.
To understand who rules you children one day they say one day the next they openly say.
Here as trains dangerous for the Greek to enter the Greek children and the Greeks were killed unjustly children and older children.
 We buried people, nobody knows the actual number.
 They are liars even in this 57 ln no one knows how they were.
But we have telecommand, not full.
It works but not much.
Not much.
As in, she's almost pregnant.
Listen to the biggest embarrassment.
They were the ones, Mr. Staikoura and others, and I really feel sorry for this government, the minister, Mr. Papadopoulos, went.
I read to you the Stichomythia.
State Secretary present all the media there to show the telecommand that exists but doesn't work but works but works but works a little bit.
An employee of the OSE, Mr. Staikura, this is a journalist's question.
 What we see before us is telecommanding.
Employee this is not telecommuting.
 We said it's like asking what is telecommuting employee, there is no telecommuting right now.
 Here's question the fateful night there was telecommuting.
 Clerk's reply There is local handling question is not what administration says but clerk says there is local handling this thing is seen about three and a half kilometers from the station hall and about one and a half to 2 from the southern part.
 Question if he had telecommuting.
How much would an employee see to Platy.
 Question since when there is no administration in Larissa and the official begins.
 The Telecoms finally went out of business on July 19, but even through the 19 that were operating it was underperforming.
This is a state.
This is a state.
This is a state.
Miserable, miserable, partisan, he's a party official.
 There was a guy in the back who was a UN security officer and upstairs with the bracelet inside the prison.
 To prove that he didn't know and he didn't know the commandments and the end of the interview.
 Finally, Mr. Staikura.
Even in North Korea they don't do that.
Nor in North Korea.
And I'm not going to get into the logic.
 What the great scientists said Vassilis Papadopoulos and the logos engineer Lakafosis in the mega on your own channel of Mr. Marinakis.
They said no more, no less.
That the explosion that was caused no one knows what caused it.
 And you know the loss of the children were not the derailment of the train collision was caused by the explosion and the scientists come out and tell us they don't know about the explosion.
 No one detects that our children were burned, Mr. Staikura, you are close to Lamia with Lamia.
It is our Thessaly, why do not you as a minister you as ministers wonder why it caused.
 What caused the explosion and he comes out evangelical and confirms what the KKE says from the first moment something strange was carried by the freight train.
 Some people murdered our children from the explosion.
 What caused the explosion.
 No one answers.
No one answers.
And you keep lying.
And I'll say something else, Kazantzakis says.
 The lie is an anandry.
This is what the great Kazantzakis said.
 But good governance requires bravery and therefore.
You are neither a user nor a man so go to elections soon set a date so that the country can be saved.
We will because we say it buries the truth.
 New Democracy talks about SYRIZA's 7 17 convention.
 Let me accept that SYRIZA was a group of people who didn't know what was happening to them.
Harry you want script.
Transparency Authority inspectors had identified criminal charges and removed him from the new democracy.
With her removed for tulupaki.
Who had the history file.
What the government is doing.
 He takes the file and gives it to the financial prosecutor, who puts it on file.
This is not called interference with justice.
This is not called by the government a gross violation of principles.
The Constitution on the independence of the judiciary.
But what government are we talking about.
 The government of the contractors, the authorities, the canal lords, the oligarchy and the plutocracy.
 This is the government.
And our issue is Karamanlis of the two parties here and the rest of them with Karamanlis, Kostas, Karamanlis.
 Our subject is Karamanlis, only because we don't say about all the others.
 All the ministers from 12 all the officials from 12 all the officials from 12 all the people in charge should go and apologise and convince us that they are not to blame.
Why no one talks about the helenic train.
No one is talking about the company, neither SYRIZA is talking about the company, nor Tsipras.
 I call Androulakis, we said he's looking to find a way to co-govern now from here he'll go from there he'll go from there, he's confused, he's at a crossroads and incumbents and he's looking to go right from left to go in the middle where to go so this proves he can't govern anyway.
 So let the voters understand that they can't and they don't have it and they don't want it.
Let's go on, because we are only talking about the Tempe yesterday I was reading a notice official people's minefield engineers of the OSE, the route Thessaloniki-Eidomeni minefield the route Thessaloniki-Eidomeni if something will be done tomorrow I did not know what the minister would say I did not know what the other would say and what bothers me most is that neither SYRIZA nor PASOK are targeting the minister responsible Mr Karagiannis is responsible for infrastructure.
 This incredible, invisible press.
In the no one talks about him, because he gets on well with the contractors who are friends.
 I imagine words the properties of Mr. Spirtzis friend I mean with construction contractors or the other ministers of the New Democracy.
Listen God, one friend, the other friendless, the truth Cut off the bad company.
 Bad company leads to bad paths.
You don't know that there is a danger to the buses.
 Minister.
 Don't you know, Minister, that there have been announcements upon announcements that since '12 they haven't bought tires on the buses in Athens.
 No one on the radar in Rhodes knows about the airport and the airport is not working.
 You don't know that.
 You're going to kill people, Minister, you're going to kill people again and you're going to say we didn't know, we're informing you, there are announcements.
 The minutes of the Parliament there is no radar in Rhodes.
For passenger planes at the airport.
How they land blindly.
We go wherever it comes out, they say yes, but we go wherever it comes out, Minister.
And we have the Prime Minister, who went on a channel with a journalist who played the role of a TV laundress.
TV laundress the journalist what the prime minister was saying a handkerchief to have to steal the journalist as the prime minister's laundry.
 A little bit of humming, a little bit of tears, a little bit of emptiness, a little bit of love and a little bit of going away and thinking and doing.
Let's better go play a comedy Mr Theodorakis, because he has raped our reasoning enough, especially with the shameful Prespa agreement that if it wasn't for him and his ilk would not have passed.
The Greek Prime Minister comes out and what does he say, Mr Staikoura?
I'll call, says the Italians now and tell them we will not give us crippled trains that is, what tells us 4 years of the line before creator.
 The wrecks that the Greek solution denounced and Mr. Viliardos and I were saying here that they are wrecks, we sent these trains away, the Swiss didn't want them and sent them here, the Italians will now call them.
It really is aimed at people of limited perception.
As Prime Minister with limited responsibility.
He said the following, now we're telling the September complete story.
I'll finish everything.
This is what Christ does.
 God made the planet in 7 days for the world and the universe.
 The Prime Minister in 7 months will do the same road.
Who are you addressing or is he lying now, Mr. Staikura, Prime Minister, or for four and a half years he was incapable of doing what can be done in 7 months.
Choose which one you want so that we know who we have to deal with We know the Greek people don't know and that worries me, because the 25 26% insist on dragging you to vote.
On the other hand I will say it.
To understand it.
Who is to blame.
Today for the Greek Prime Minister It's Mr Tsipras' fault.
For the Eye for Mr. Tsipras, Mitsotakis said the New Democracy.
Mr Tsipras said it was made by the joints of power.
You know, the joints between the bricks there is the joint, the bricks now if it means one side and brick the other and the joints of power is one thing, it's another thing, but the joints of power were made by you from PASOK, New Democracy and Syriza to the Prime Minister who blames the Deep State most deep state of his own appointed to democrats to hospital administrations, to independent authorities, to secretaries general, to any in front of me do not go, he is a democrat, this is the deep state.
This is the principle of power, that is, in essence they both say that they are not to blame, but these are the actions of the same make sense and conclude, I can't maybe t can make out I can't follow.
The tragedy that became a sacrifice.
The tragedy that became an opportunity, mercy and mercy, we mourned people, some say opportunity, others say sacrifice, opportunity as if it's a damn thing.
These are incredible things, of course, and I should say here that SYRIZA was saying the same thing with Mr.Xantho, who is the voice of SYRIZA in the context of good neighbourliness with New Democracy, saying that it is an opportunity for reflection, the tragedy at Mati, so we will take a philosophical approach together with a Confucius and a Gandhi, and we will all discuss Socrates and Plato together.
 We will reflect on what was to blame for Mati, what was to blame for Tempe.
 We're going to do a meditation together.
This common thinker there is a proposal to go to Mount Athos.
 He has many monks to contemplate with.
 Here we want efficiency, not reflection.
 The goal is to make a Greece truly strong, self-reliant and self-reliant reflections to go to the Athenians inside to reflect.
And we now begin the philanthropic, tragically proportionate responsibility.
Ready Tsipras says I do, but put on the share of responsibility says Mr Mitsotakis.
 Yes, and I'll take my share of that, too.
 So I start 2012 to 2023 12 years two thousand twelve twelve fifteen Nudos government pasok 4 years 2015 19 SYRIZA government 4 years 2000 1923 Nudos government 4 years Mr. Staikura, so new democracy an addition is multiple we have 70% responsibility.
Pasok, New Democracy and from 35 each and 30% of SYRIZA that is.
Anyone travelling by train from 12 to 23 should know that they are at risk of being killed 30%.
 Syriza 35 against the new democracy and 35 against Paso.
 This is how a country is seriously governed.
Proportionate share of responsibility what is proportionately dead.
 You will go on your back.
What are these things.
These are divisions, but they are addressed.
 I repeat, if that man, the Dr. was saying he could hear me no longer understood anyone.
You say my share of the responsibility.
 What is the size.
 Tell us which one of the 60 dead, whoever is talking about deaths, about dead people, I'll tell you, but of the 60 dead, 20 have the name SYRIZA, 20 have the name PASOK and 20 have the name New Democracy.
 So it's convenient.
We're serious.
So let's go into the finances for a moment, because.
Do you have any people.
 Just struggle to be pelagoric to be desperate, to be really poor.
 Pamphleteer.
 You targeted the bankrupt you tell him we will with the memoranda, we will do better.
 You've brought 17 arrangements how is it 5 6 arrangements it seems the fatigue I know 5 4 6 7 I don't know how it seems, they all failed because they all failed because you are unable to follow the facts of what is happening in society.
You do not see the transport.
 I tell you poverty and despair with the lies you tell poverty and despair there is poverty and despair outside and anger and anger and I will tell you what Rousseau said when the people will have nothing to eat anymore.
 He knows what he's going to eat, Mr. Staikura. He said I live for the rich.
The rich will go, will go out into the streets and eat the world to each other.
And the social peace and tranquillity that is a necessary condition of a favourable state will be wasted.
We warn you.
And it gets to the point of celebrating the poor people's baskets.
 The ornamental baskets begins the Santa Claus basket, the housewife's basket, the godfather's basket, the Easter basket, miss eggs and baskets.
The only basket worthy of all that Georgiades does is the wastebasket that the Greek people will throw them in at the elections.
 What is it?
 The Greek beggar is with baskets to go shopping with full Pass.
You sell out everything, even the water you sell out now another fruit it sold out and this one there is no limit.
Of course, in the villas and the pools in the luxury hypnotists you will come out afterwards and say, Maria Antoinette, don't drink water, it's expensive, drink coke.
As Marie Antoinette used to say.
So we'll do it again.
You'll bring us a water exchange again, like the energy exchange, the next and they'll say it's our fault the next.
That's what I'm telling you is wrong.
 I imagine that during the election Mr. Staikura will say the Prime Minister because he sold the water to the private sector he will take out and go for the water.
 You are also capable of this.
One port in Igoumenitsa sold off.
A strategic port for which really 2 months before you go to elections and need everything because it has the right without elections.
 Let the Greek people decide to elect a term, I say, you coward.
Elect the Greek solution of SYRIZA PASOK and decide the next government.
 You have a month and a half before the elections that you are selling off the port without returning the land area without investment, writing the local community in your old, old shoes.
 By what right.
Tell me what you left to the Greek public sector.
 What is left in the Greek State.
 At last I can tell you that the ministers of the New Democracy, who are paid by the state but hate the Greek state, hate the state.
It's called a phallus, you can't suckle from a state for 20 years of your life or 30.
 I know ministers, MPs who have been here for 30 years, state-owned, most of them.
 That's their profession, it's bubbling up in the bureaucratic elementary to go from the morning because come to my business to give you a thousand each.
That's how much it costs to work here Some people never set foot What a thousand dollars or a thousand dollars to pay and pay themselves.
Let's go to investments, Minister, that Latsis fillet that you gave, Minister, what happened the day before yesterday?
 I was passing by I could see the one skyscraper was on the thirty-second floor.
 Still waiting to go to the fifty-second and something fillets are cut I went inside I saw fillets cut plots of land become plots of land at a bargain price Whoever wants it gets it if he has money the rich man.
You good things about.
The other John was saying that in 2023 you will see him change, he's going up.
Of course, I'm sure it's going down to know about it doesn't seem.
It is the first global flash down to the base.
The gallery from what I hear was coming prime minister, saying Startup companies, stories, tales of Hallima's collapsing startups in America and now Microsoft instead of big investments, closing up shop.
 We're leaving too.
Mr. Staikoura, you know but some of you around there don't know the basics what the basics are; one thing is a tax rate cut, one thing is a tax cut, and another thing is a tax cut.
Not the same thing and staikura.
 The Greeks are suffering an incredible triple robbery at the moment, a triple robbery that neither we nor you are aware of.
 I guess the Greek people are ashamed.
 The terrible consequences of inflation are not easily understood.
 We will find them in front of us in the next four or five months when we will have supervision again.
The lads will come back.
 Fiscal control starts again, but the Greek people want you to help the Greek proposal for a Greek solution.
I'm not saying do something that you didn't do, wait a minute I, Mr. Staikouras, no proposal and I'll tell you that it's NOTHING that didn't happen NOTHING that did happen I'll tell you that you government and your friends did.
Writing off all loans and debts of the Greeks, as you did to Mr. Piladakis, Mr. Mail or to channel owners, oligarchs and interconnected oligarchs.
 You did it very nicely, it's time to do what you're doing there and we wanted it.
 Give me a break, we don't populist because if it's populism what I say is populism.
 What you do to your best friends and acquaintances.
Not you personally your government.
Because it's not a matter of Staikura.
So you should know.
We say.
A 90% cut in social security contributions, in debts to the public sector, in loans, as you did to your cronies, I repeat, who are playing bullies and bigwigs with their yachts and their villas, from the blood of the Greek people.
 Why should I pay Mr. Plata's ephah and you tell me.
Why should I pay attention to Mr. Kladaki's Ephka You tell me 35 million is better to know already.
 I'm interested in the act of 30 in the bouzouki the water sometimes old and now it goes again you leave the flowers money, the money of course gave me a 35 million put you for tons.
When I'm in here we make it a boom box, so we made it a hermitage.
 Ain't nobody in here come in whenever they want, they make his music.
So I say, Mr. Minister, this gentleman can't ask for 35 million from efka to give it away to pay for it from my own business I didn't understand.
Write-off to all Greeks, that's called equality in a favoured state, it's called equality.
And here's what I'm going to tell you.
What Malvina, Karali, the Forgiven One used to say.
Why do SYRIZA PASOK and New Democracy, a government that rabidly stays in power in a bankrupt country, react like this?
Still eating or afraid of prison.
Let's choose what you want in the new democracy in PASOK and SYRIZA for this country is a bankrupt country.
 They flattened it with your choices of privatization of infrastructure, public goods, health care and here I call on the Greek citizens, the voters who vote for other parties to demand that their parties tell them what they will do with the privatization of infrastructure, public goods, health care, the energy stock exchange, the bank, bankruptcy of private individuals.
Haircuts on banks and Hercules debts, corruption, black marketeers and commit to pre-election.
 Now what are we going to do if they tell us No, if SYRIZA tells us.
 Listen now we have done it in writing and now SYRIZA is telling us that it is bad What makes the goals.
 The Mr. smoker from earlier will drive us crazy in here she even think she's political or we have dementia.
 PASOK made the fans to be able to buy 9% of the red loan PASOK came the others came, they expanded it, I make it better, they implement this.
They're laughing at you Greeks, they're laughing at you I tell you all I'm looking you in the eye, they're really pulling your leg.
Failures everywhere.
Proof conference on international relations at Panteion University was attended by Emily Holland, Assistant Professor of the US Naval War College, one of the world's largest academies and the mastermind of the American agent.
 The natural gas fields of the Eastern Mediterranean are a real huge find not only for energy but also for geopolitics.
 Greece and other countries can become major players, global energy flows.
 In the next 5-10 years energy prices are increased.
We must continue to invest in hydrocarbons, says this lady and Mr. Mitsotakis, who is investing in bushels and.
 When we told them that we here in 2010 9 do mining, energy will become more expensive, we will make money, Greece will become rich, the Greeks will become rich, they said cookies and next to Tsipras and Lakis Fourfouras, they said green development, sustainable development and fairy tales of Halima and you fill everywhere in Greece with wind turbines.
The energy policy continues, because otherwise the charge of kilowatt-hour for the month of March was unchanged in the month of March, but the price of electricity in our country does not fall.
 The price of natural gas has not fallen, i.e. it is falling internationally, but in Greece the price remains the same and stable.
In January it was 70 € NOW it is 50 € in February, but we still pay the same money.
 Prices unchanged who is stealing this money.
 Who, Minister, is stealing this money?
 The energy providers, your best friend you gave them immunity and they are ruining the Greek, same with oil.
 The barrel is falling internationally, bardinoyannis and Latsis here are making billions, two and a half billion in profits in one year, two and a half billion for both people.
And Mrs Bakoyannis says, we taxed by 10, 15, 20%.
 The two and a half billion but 70 80 they said they will take Vardinoyannis so and above all to Vardinoyannis 70 and 80 and 90 I see you not even 90 minutes sitting your chair you will all go together in 90 minutes you will manage.
However, I have to say something about yesterday I was very annoyed with what happened in Mykonos.
They grounded you, beat up an archaeologist savagely because the man went to protect the archaeological site.
 He can't even talk in here.
The pimps of Myconu have been operating for decades.
I'm going to say something to the government.
Cameras that were to be put all over the island, as you were saying, where did they go from the year before last, you would say the state-of-the-art short in the police station.
 What happened.
 2 years we have been listening to this for 2 years, why don't we go in and out to see who is beating whom to threaten any of the Mykonos mafia or the batsmen?
Why don't you do something and did meeting Prime Minister again meeting, you know.
 They get together and talk about it, they say that his ministers are leaving, we will have ministries, ministries 2 years ago you said that and it still hasn't happened, Mr.
The next 4 years.
Please stand by your earpiece the next 4 years will surely do what I say.
 I don't know.
 Let's go now and partnerships.
Up until six months ago all the trolls and their parrots were saying that the Greek solution would work with the new democracy.
All the parakeets.
To create a problem in our self-personal, self-reliant path.
This is not the case anyway.
Suddenly they put the curtakis, Now look curtakis form, but there is also Giannakis.
 Giannakis agent publisher, Giannakis Mr. Minister Giannakis became an agent with Kourtakis, they put the Kourtakis record was the question Syriza will work with the Greek solution.
 In fact, you know why you're doing this.
 Let me say it because you are incapable of really saying that we can govern Greece, but we say we can govern Greece, we have a plan.
We have a programme, we are not looking for a crutch from anyone, neither from PASOK nor from SYRIZA, as you are looking for behind the scenes.
And for us we say the following, so that some people will understand.
You are decades of failures.
Back.
Every power when it becomes strong.
It does not consider anything better than its best interest, that's why you don't quit for it you have failed in a company my own to say that my manager will go home.
 It's a given that my partner will go home.
 You Failure to Failure.
Bankruptcy on bankruptcy, bankruptcy on bankruptcy.
Punctuation in verb 2 in the chair no one wants to move from the chair no one moves.
Us personally as the Greek solution.
Because we do not consider power as a spoil, but as a service to the Greek citizen, a service to the homeland.
 We cannot work with people who see power as a spoil.
Proof of this is the statement of Mrs.Bakoyannis, who said, we exclude Mr.Velopoulos from possible cooperation, because it is impossible to cooperate with a party which has diametrically opposite views on national issues from ours.
She is absolutely right, I thank Mrs Bakoyannis very much because normally I should have sent her a pot and flowers because she told the truth for the first time, because she told the truth.
 Because the new democracy PASOK and SYRIZA agree on everything for them.
 Cyprus is a third country.
 The single defence doctrine is a thing of the past.
 The Prespa agreement must be honoured and respected on the part of the New Democracy and the other parties.
 And if we lose Kastelorizo, as Mr Tsipras and Mrs Bakoyannis said, because as he said.
From the twenty-eighth meridian and east never mind, we'll see them later from Rhodes, east and from double Castellorizo and Symi, Rhodes are 3 parties in the package of one, they are 3 pieces in the package of one policy, an anti-people policy of passionate enemy against Greece and the Greeks and this policy we will fight to the end, because we are the solution, the only solution, the patriotic solution, the national solution, he said.
 More Mrs Bakoyannis.
More.
But I pass her by and thank her very much for what she did.
 For us it was the best gift, that is, it is now clearly visible.
 They have nothing to do with them and you have nothing to do with them.
 We are different, we are Greek patriots, far from extremes, far from barbarities, but we are just Greek patriots.
So now let's move from the diplomacy of the earthquakes to the diplomacy of Dendias.
There is no worse Foreign Secretary, I say from the floor of the House.
With Mr Dendias as our guide, we are heading into the abyss of the n.
And with the silence of SYRIZA and PASOK which annoys me personally so much they are leading to disaster.
Achieved the impossible, worst foreign minister ever.
 What is this.
 For the first time Greece and Cyprus have succeeded in not having a single line.
He hit the island of Cyprus, our sister Cyprus which is the same country as us, how he hit it, he votes for Turkey.
 Mr. Dendias and Cyprus votes and a.
To get them into the International Maritime Organization.
Instead of us voting against Turkey, he goes off on his own.
 The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is doing what I want to do with trees.
 Neither the Prime Minister nor Tsipras nor Toulakis is interested.
 Cyprus is furious with what Zeus did the other day, He went to Cavusoglu alone and says to him, We will put you there in charge.
 Which Turkey that is lagging behind in shipping.
Which and one is ahead of us very high champions in shipping we are and I will support the Turk and not Cyprus.
 You are in your best.
You are in your right mind, Mr. Minister, pick up Mr. Dendias from mistake to mistake he goes from mistake to mistake.
For the first time the government has achieved this thing.
Goes to the vision.
He's putting out a vision statement, I have it in front of me.
 How pages 2 of the other 3 pages How good that is our.
 We will find them vision so the ramalio ramorum vision Nothing for the Greeks of Northern Epirus.
 Here the minister forgot the pensions will tell me and the Greek overseas who were tricked times neither pension, nothing two and a half pages, nothing, nothing in nor for the EEZ to say something that we were tricked by the Albanians nothing thing.
So there goes the Serbian Vucic.
See the difference.
3 lines.
Albanian two and a half.
 Pages, Boutis 3 lines.
 But why listen to what your Minister of Interior and Roads says and they consider it a delphinium whoever Dendias Mr.
 All you're doing today is filing credentials for the next election day with the American and other.
 Listen you saw the Russian agent either in the Chinese or the American or the German agent, if you deposit direct credentials, you can't be a foreign minister with credentials only in Greece and Greek depositors.
 What is being done will.
I read, Greece is a reliable interlocutor, a historian, a friend of Serbia, an interlocutor who has a role to play with a very limited agenda with Serbia.
With Serbia.
We are well and truly in our statutes these are well and truly for us.
 Greece Serbia alliance what Constantine Karamanlis I and Andreas Papandreou B and all the prime ministers until yesterday were saying is still valid and now shame, shame, neither Tsipras speaks, nor Androulakis Nothing.
And so I appeal to the voters.
In the next election, you see me and you vote for SYRIZA to the EU and you will get Mitsotakis.
You who vote for a new democracy, add and you will get Tsipras, you who vote for Androulakis, be careful, it can happen to both of them.
This is the reality.
 The tripartite is cooking, it's coming and I'll tell you one last thing.
 Don't be obedient to what you are told, Don't believe the channels Greeks and Greeks.
 And as the great Quintinus wrote, I don't blame those who exercise power, but those who are willing to obey even their lies, so they will be involved and they will be Greeks.
 Let's reelect them.
Let's also go to the parastate that the new democracy has created, controlling the judiciary, controlling the media, leading the country into tyranny.
 They are regular power brokers and I will tell you this.
What a state you have created.
Mr Koutroumano's term of office expired in November.
 Neither SYRIZA is complaining nor PASOK has expired their term of office.
 It is as if Greece does not exist.
 Our country has no national broadcasting council must go.
 Nobody talks about anybody for the 3 of them appointed themselves.
They're keeping him there.
But listen for the hold.
Fine of the condition to Mr Portosalte.
5000 € when he was insulting Mr Tsipras you of SYRIZA are listening to me now I have forgotten them Portosalte 6 years ago he was insulting Mr Tsipras in a timely manner.
The revenue of each apology, do you know what the 5000 € fine for Skye is?
5000 Popo Alafouzos will be missing the cigar the next morning one of the 5 grand can do.
I am really surprised that Portasalte is playing the role of ideological leader of the new democracy.
Trial Goebbels the porter who can be found all over the world, but if you tell him anything you are targeting me, he says.
 It can target all of Greece.
 This I will say directly because he said that the sacrifice of private individuals can be made and the railway now finally.
So this press and every such press will know one thing, I cannot count the name of the gentleman you gave.
I have a lack of understanding and understanding of what he says, but the government cannot tolerate the other parties.
 A pile which illegally there is illegally there is the law interpreted diagonally to exist.
Proof second that they control the media amounts in excess of one million euros were given over the last two years to newspapers and Sites by EYDAP who have now sold to private individuals one million euros in advertising.
How much in Liberal Politikal.
 This is how new ideas and publishers are born.
 This is how the just-seen and the publishers.
List I saw, according to the investigation of Gazzoli, Listen to Yiannakis 111.
000 €.
I saw 111.
000 €, the list is from.
From there.
New step 55.
000 EURO too nice daily 40 three and a half thousand euro first issue 32.
000 € their little shops backstage 19 800 not Karamanlis Niko Voris 12.
000 € Bam 10.
000 € Bam and below.
And they're throwing away their own 4 grand flag and editorial newspapers.
To be covered.
That's the way it is, that's the way they operate, they control justice.
 We said what you're doing to Touloupaki.
But they're checking into the justice system and otherwise I hear that the minister's best friend.
He has a huge file at the Athens Prosecutor's Office for tax evasion from 2022 in December.
 The man is the President, the President of the Hellenic Red Cross Red Cross.
Nothing is heard nothing and no one speaks invisible hand stops the file.
 So they act as a parastate.
 So they work indirectly say it and close here.
No matter how hard the media tries.
Demonstrate.
That this government is popular that the prime minister is.
Popular or that the prime minister and his government are successful cannot for one reason alone, because neither you are successful nor popular you are failed and unpopular.
 Unfortunately, after what has happened in recent days with the Tempi.
So we say to everyone, to all Greeks.
They have made the country small.
They have made the country a pariah of Europe, they have made the country powerless and weak.
They made the country a shadow of its glorious past.
 We all think we can't change all that, but we can change it.
 We can change it together when the sun, why do you think it is great the governors, the prime ministers, ministers.
 I think they are huge in the boi, but when the sun is low, the goal looks very high and their shadow.
 The truth is that when the light comes out it seems to be too small and too short for the light of Greece.
 We insist on a Greece that is a beacon of Greek culture.
We insist for a different Greece, a strong, self-reliant Greece of global civilization.
 We insist on a Greece that loves Greeks and Greek women.
 We insist on a Greece that will work, toil and produce.
 It will finally break the chains of the subservient process that brought all 3 of them together and led it to the bottom of the world economy.
 We can do it, we can fix it, we can make Greece self-reliant.
 We can make it a power with a vote for the Greek solution in the next elections.
Thank you very much.
I, too, thank you, Mr. President.
