Mr President, you have the floor.
Thank you very much, Mr. President.
Mr Minister.
I won't have to say much about your bill, because it's said it all.
 The Court of Auditors.
I need not say anything else I report of 23 on public hospitals.
Conclusions incorrect pricing.
Untrained staff services without evaluation, uncontrolled hospital costs and expenses, per clinic and hospitalization, unknown waste of resources, unclear we would say.
I'd be ashamed if he was a minister.
I would next I was a member of this government and it's not personal.
 This issue is a long-standing situation in health care, because the rodents have crept in there too, eating and drinking at the expense of the Greek people, which is the reform of the new democracy that would make the state better.
 Stopped in the hens of Crete in the chicken ceiling.
 This reform of yours and I say this so that you understand that 4 years of governing a country that you are really leaving behind.
As a scorched earth.
Leave the numbers, the big fairy tales of the government scorched earth will convince and even circulates to the Greek people and a strange so if you want to euphemistically say that even the knobs will leave.
Everything is being looted, you will take the doors and the knobs with you when you leave, because you will leave on May 21, since you are already saying it and you alone will be in government, we will see.
 We'll see all this as we go along.
I'd like to, sir.
Minister from the magnanimous government, your magnanimous government, Mr. Plevris, who made haircuts of hundreds of millions of euros around the world, the friendly to you, that is, the oligarchs, the shipowners, the canal owners, to make a deletion of.
The brutal €100 fine for those who were not vaccinated.
 Do it at last.
 You are the only minister in Europe, I would say the only one in the world who would be praised for his positives, but you are the only one who even now and the €100 fine on your grandfather.
I will not tell your father to your grandfather, to our father, our mother, why this rage ended the business.
Countries officially ask for money back for vaccines.
Why did Mrs. von der Leyen do her own thing without asking anybody and why so much servility towards this European Union, which some may even question about how corrupt it is?
The European People's League, which is policing Brussels today.
You, the European People's Party stalwarts.
 The centre-right booted police, talking about lamas everywhere Eurosocialists.
European People's, bandits all it turns out.
Because the whole Brussels system is corrupt, including all those who are forced to behave according to their orders.
Now the fruit of the unconquerable.
Thanks to the only government that legislates lawlessness, you are unbelievable.
The only government.
Photo array says for prosecution in Rama Menudako brought by govt because.
Listen to.
When on the very next day that the prosecutor.
The European.
Monitor and request control of illegal interceptions.
According to the provision brought by the democratic new democracy.
Even the North Korean president wouldn't do that.
The members of the constitutionally established independent authorities and their staff shall not be investigated or prosecuted for things done in the exercise of their functions.
 Except here it is if they have violated the confidentiality of information and data that came to their knowledge or fraudulently analysed.
 That is, what is New Democracy doing, trying to silence, to terrorize those who are looking into the issue of wiretapping in Greece or who opened the issue?
But well you are not ashamed in the new democracy.
This is how the law is made.
I will say to you, Minister, especially as you are a lawyer, something the excellent Bismarck used to say, people should not see how two things are made.
 Do you remember the saying, Mr. Minister.
2 things the people and the people who are looking for laws and sausages should not see.
You are not capable of making sausages, but you make laws for unconviction and for the persecution of opponents.
And I ask this, what kind of government does any government have in the country, Mr. Pleyris, when the independent authorities have the power of attrition, that is, you appoint an independent authority and it can choose water pricing policy.
 In the stream I now say anywhere, but it is not controlled by anyone.
That is, what is a parallel state, a parallel government in the state law elected by the deputies, the citizens to be heard by the Greek people, the independent authorities is a parallel state.
 Probably not.
It's the parastate that governments have made so that governments themselves are not controlled and independent authorities have no control over it.
Mr. Fleury, it turns out.
From their payroll.
36 independent authority in our country, that is, as if we have 36 ministers and small councils of ministers 2 billion euros about salary costs and the rest of the costs of these functions 2 billion is appointed by the government and in difficult decisions that can not take it starts the right too state independent authorities, so that it can through the independent authorities, but we are not to blame we are to blame they are to blame for the parastate that created.
We are going to turn this parastate back into a state, we are going to abolish all independent authorities.
 And we started the battle, Mr. Plevris, with this strange press, Mr. Koutroumanos and his team that you put in place under SYRIZA.
 The placement of a tactical recommendation poodle.
His master, like all independent authorities, has no disciplinary control.
 Tell me, in what country, Mr. Pleyris, is not someone scrutinized for the decisions they make.
Only God controls him The independent authority's swearing cannot be controlled by any of you.
Neither from the government, nor from the MPs, nor from anyone any decision as decided this product come out the new water regulator and on 150% increase for water will accept it.
 He'll put it on them and you'll be the policy that comes out.
 It's not our fault, it's the others.
No control, no accountability, this is called democracy.
 This is not democracy, this is oligarchy and it should be a thing of the past.
So let's go to Mr. Koutroumanos and his powerful.
08:45 in the evening, Mr. fellow signature curmudgeon announced in the evening from his home, he made her know where.
Photographic for me personally so I can't do my work on TVs.
 Photographic decision of Koutroumanos that a show producer is not allowed to give and distribute to other channels the show he reconstructs that he creates.
Mr. Sailor, rejoice in man.
He admitted his failure here.
I'll tell him this.
The New Democracy put in the smoker, they are the instigators, they put this in the interior to silence the voice of the Greek solution, they are putting ways of stumbling blocks to silence the Greek solution.
Posting on the webspace of the term incredible things to deprive bread from a man this man.
 I tell him this, because he probably doesn't believe in God either.
May God forgive Velopoulos, Mr. Koutrumano, he will never forgive you.
 I'll chase you with legality as long as it takes and the bread is close at hand because this gentleman has expired his term of office is keeping him illegal.
 The government's expansive interpretation of the law, the government's usual expansive interpretation, that is, half a minute his term of office is over he is paid, in violation of the law this gentleman and decides on the media, we will not say about his decisions.
2 million fine I alone paid 2 million now.
No one else.
And happy coincidence that you have worthy judges and they laugh at him.
About half of the decisions have been overturned in the.
It is a happy coincidence that there are judges in the country who honour their reason for being and laugh at Mr Coutrumanos, who was also a judge.
But the new democracy is holding him.
The operation of New Democracy is to annihilate the Greek solution.
It's a dirty business.
Which is driven by the machismo and we will prove it in the course of our speech today, Mr. Plevris, to show you that it is really intertwined and intertwined with the worst that exists.
From the evening it is and at night and in the morning.
Sending the tax office to my companies.
In the companies that I work with the SDEA they think in the world that we are being blackmailed.
 We are not being blackmailed, we are not afraid, we are not dependent, we will win and we will take their blood with legality, we tell them in the Maximus so that they will listen to them.
And because constantly blood, blood, blood, with munity, because the law of Demma looked like the laws of Syriza who sold off the public property and now you are crying you with blood and tears you are not right not to forget 2016 222 MPs here you are all together the sale of Greek property look at.
For me blood is about my personal existence, although you are teasing your work.
 I'm sure you would do your own work, your own work.
You will do the same because it is dishonest.
 He can't have all his decisions overturned and he will continue.
And laugh at the people judges so there are judgments.
 I don't need to say anything else.
 I the obsession of it seems the order from the Maximus I tell you is a given.
You keep legislating polygamy in a country where under SYRIZA they brought 25 bills for the Ministry of Justice and under the new democracy about 9.
Do you know what Lao Tzu used to say.
For polygamy The more the laws proliferate, the more the illegal ones proliferate.
That's what you do.
That's why the problem cannot be solved at last, and for me, as Roydis said.
A solution, Mr. Plevris, exists in the legal, a law is required which mandates.
Anyone who orders anyone who legislates to have the same obligations as the person to whom the law actually applies cannot be unpunishable for anyone in this country it is illegal, it is unconstitutional, it is shameful, it is offensive to democracy.
So when I become government, we will make rules just one law to apply the laws in all directions and for all individuals from political bankers, doctors, committees, independent authorities, law enforcement.
This is a solution.
That's why we've come, Mr. Plepri, you're a jurist in forty-eighth place, in the world, in the performance of law under Namibia, under Rwanda and under Antigua.
Yes, you are laughing state major, but the minister of Antigua they are forty-eighth place.
Antikitiko.
As in Greece I heard.
So you made Greece.
 I place on record the report, the international.
75% of judges believe that judges in Greece are corrupt.
Corrupt.
What does Meow Meow do to the tiles.
 But why, why are they appointed.
 You choose the corrupt to control justice.
 You don't want worthy prosecutors and judges.
 This is the truth.
 You want the manipulators, or rather the ones that you manipulate and manage.
Wanting to prove scandalous judicial decisions, the Supreme Court's decision on the auctions, the release of the child rapist Siragakis who raped 36 children.
Cover-up of child rapists of the Pillar 200 names are out now to see who these bums are.
Why do you take them off.
From there imprisoned 60 eight-year-old child, violence to violence to 2 young children after the release that release lignadi acquittal christoforakos court decision Justice Greeks in Prespes for Macedonian association decision on Novartis decision to cut the pensions of judges.
That the pension court of the Greek people's pensions, the judges of the pension.
 I'm taking a fine.
It's fine ours is ours theirs is ours again.
And where decisions are not convenient you pass them by.
 He comes out and tells you that the law of SYRIZA on Water is illegal and you in her old shoes we do water regulatory authority and after a couple of years we will typology that would be us the previous lost the independent authority.
The public has fallen for the MAT.
What justice.
300 thousand in damages awarded by the judiciary Awarded Mr. Pleyris and women from the public learn are you really ashamed at all.
If you read the text of the appeal it is shocking.
 What justice for the Greek mafia.
For the Greek Mafia, Mr. Plevris that while there were illegal acts inside says The decision that the interceptions were illegal, so they can not be prosecuted.
So you make laws for the unconvicted.
As Aristotle used to say, because we used to talk about them sir, it meets the.
 You forgot now about Macedonia You forgot about yamas, you remembered.
 You will not see the name Macedonia.
 Would you say that there is no Macedonia on our northern border.
 Would you say it's a purpose.
 You would say in the old days now the other one, your friend, your friend Adonis says North Macedonia He for me there is no such thing, but what there is at the end of it, like the body when it is deprived of the soul, it dies and the city when there are no laws is abolished that is what you did, you abolished the state, you came up with the laws.
You have understood the soul of the Greeks.
We.
We say it directly we will prosecute the unprosecutable in unprosecutable to ministers law of 2003 31 26 unprosecutable to bankers law of 2022 relates to offences of dishonesty of bank executives article 19, law 41 47 New Democracy, unprosecutable to independent authorities, prosecution of members of the National Fund for Supplementary Capital Insurance Fund article 10, 9 48 July 26 at 21 prosecution of members of the National Public Health Protection Commission for dealing with Mr. Plevris's cuts is this.
Disapproval of a committee investigating the crime of the amendment of the ministry, Gentlemen of the New Republic.
Because you know history, Minister.
We rebelled as Greeks to free ourselves from the Ottomans.
And we bowed down to a state of internal occupation.
It is orchestrated by the oligarchs, their friends of the New Democracy and the gangs that prey on the public sector.
 Justice is clearly crippled.
Because its leadership, as it was previously appointed.
 You have created a North Korean state, Mr.Plevris, control of justice, silencing of opponents, manipulation of people through the mass media, repression, parastatal mechanisms, night, goons, as the late Harry Clynn used to say, organized crime has different names around the world, Mr.Plevris, in Italy it's called Camorra, in America it's called mafia and in Greece unfortunately it's called government.
With what you're doing with what you're doing, because there is no democracy the way you're treating this state that you all have created, I'll say it straight out.
Withhold, we will abolish this withholding state, we will re-establish it.
 As Karamanlis II said.
 But we do it in practice.
For among us there are no nightmares, nor are there people who are in league with oligarchs, canal owners and shipowners.
Listen, Minister, because time is of the essence and I don't want to take up any more of your time.
 I could talk about the exact.
Adonis Georgiades beats me to it, your friend as a two-bit gourmet you know him well since we have known him for years, he has not left supermarkets and supermarkets.
But I have to tell him Mr Georgiades that it is good to go to the supermarket YOU have money he who does not have money can go to tell you after you shop I will tell him no.
He makes tragic mistakes.
The geese survey on poverty without heating comes out.
 86% of Greeks cut Christ in accordance with the 70 three and a half kitchen use reduction in 57 do not consider useful the household basket of 71 no entertainment, personal care 77% cuts in clothing, 90% no holidays, as well as 60% support farmers' markets, 91%.
Mr Plevris, Minister.
700.
000 Greeks will lose their homes in the coming months.
 I tell you this because you have a fortune like me, but some people have a house.
I love that SYRIZA has now remembered.
And he suggested yesterday what we have been saying for 2 years, why we should do in relation to foreclosures.
 They got the moto that we and Tsipras say I like it very much and if the government would vote for the brake as a law I will say the following.
Who helped the fans Who did electronic auctions.
Then they were opposition and they were shouting that SYRIZA made them.
Unfortunately, I will say something to these 700 voters.
000 properties means more than 2 million souls living in red loans risk losing their homes.
 These 2 million are the government of the Greeks.
 You can 700.
000 to rule.
 You understand, you have the power of my vote, the New Republic, SYRIZA, PASOK did not write off debts, they did not write off loans, they did not write off taxes, they did not, they inflated the problem and now as the opposition on the one hand they come and denounce the other.
And tomorrow whatever later they become opposition will be for the next.
 What do we say we write off ALL debts, as the New Democracy did to its friends, friends and cronies.
 We will do it to the citizens and it must be done.
Of course they did.
 But they also prevented the night-time commissariat to keep the shops open at night.
Look at their rich friends, we can have the shops open in the evening and now that both of them will say their piece.
 Now we are a tourist country and so on, this is the pretext and the excuse, but when you hit the small and medium-sized, the small shop, the small shop, you do not think about the backbone of our economy, you do not think about anything, the other oxymoron is the following, Unfortunately, Mr.
I see a huge video with great videos of them doing gatherings, picked up hotels, luxurious hundreds of thousands of euros here and there.
I see the Prime Minister giving 20.
000 to go for a walk in Alexandroupolis.
 I see Mr Tsipras and Mr Androulakis.
Especially for PASOK and New Democracy, Mr. Plevris, you do not have the moral advantage.
 You do this you owe 400 million euros, you can't waste the money of the Greek people, the Greek solution proposed that the money you waste here and there should be put into a fund to help the homeless poor Greeks.
 Stop the election period with luxury and opulence we have no money as Greeks let's give it there at least why to waste it on supposedly election rallies and events.
 Give them there and all the channels.You turn on the TV in the morning and you see Adonis Georgiades, the candidate of New Democracy, New Democracy MPs, ministers, the Prime Minister, we don't see a Greek solution, there is no Greek solution, they pass us by anyway, they pass us by as soon as they arrive from where it's over.
 We have a lot to say today about the penultimate speech, Mr President, so that's it, so I'll say this.
What the President of the Borrowers said.
In our view, rightly said it to be declared, to know which companies and oblivion took the loans of the Greeks 140 billion euros the fans debt collectors, who are hiding behind.
 No one saw it.
Because I had revealed names in here and I said that they were also related to parties, but then no one talked about no one talks about who they are who with 100 € Fans.
Pizzeria in Belgium, Pizzeria in Belgium EU and 90 million pizzeria loans, the office is there if you phone and an office.
These are unacceptable things and yet the new democracy allows them.
And now the new democracy is asking for another 4 years to govern, Mr. my colleague, so, arithmetic, you all know here that Mr. Mitsotakis is a member of parliament, 15 years prime minister, 4 ministers.
5 his father 58 years Prime Minister 3 Mrs Bakoyannis, 34 years Minister 5 years and Mayor of Athens.
 Worship that is, how many years will it take this family to fix Greece.
 300 to tell us that you're a minister, you're kicking out the municipal police as a minister and you started today and you're recruiting municipal police to me as a prime minister, so you were wrong as a minister then or you're wrong as a prime minister now, let the prime minister decide.
Reformed the chickens has become.
This is the Greek solution, says M.
 And we will continue to talk about it.
I will not say what happened in Evros.
Let's go now to Kasidiaris.
The prisoner.
Mr. Secretary, I have a picture here from a week ago.
Candidate of Kasidiaris with the Minister.
What to do to you.
 You will see me, Mr. Voridis, with the suspicion of Mr. Prisoner.
You can't have a minister coming out with a prisoner or candidates you don't want.
It can't be.
It can't be.
So let's talk about the prisoner.
Who allows him in the goals to do propaganda.
You.
All day long and I haven't had Twitter for 2 years because my Twitter is blocked.
 Το gallery.
The prisoner who gives him the right to do proselytizing and propaganda every day you.
Why the smoke is yours.
I know what I'm talking about, who put him in the doctor's office in Domokos.
Tell me, my minister, in order for a prisoner to go to the doctor's office, my colleague must have a little step.
Can not the participant in a criminal organization in the dispensary nurse nurse.
It can't be.
Somebody put it in there.
The government, I imagine.
Who is photographed with New Democracy's ministerial candidates.
 Who discusses with them.
You in the new democracy.
The new chairman.
It is known that he was also in the Olympic family in the pae of parents of a democratic family.
 The new guy they're putting in instead of the front man.
Who advertises it all day long in the media.
The channels you control You control with lots of money.
 Of course, long live democracy.
 Hooray I just heard today and from now on the space and thickness was shocked by can and cheetah the protagonist of the New Republic says George the Prime Minister.
You have gone into paralysis, you, the holy man of Greece.
Let's take the horse Kavala and kill the dragon.
What are these things.
 You tell the man.
 Soon George himself believed it.
So you are to blame, Mr. Plevris, that the prisoner is given immunity of the referee, then he speaks and you give him the hope to be an agent in the country.
 Because if you see anybody sent your own it suits you, it suits you, it suits you complete around the boiler complete Mr. President, whenever I want now.
So I was going to finish it, but you can be annoyed because your weapon was interrupted for the prisoner Adonis speaks to the males the national exams said in Nakanume You're upset, it's okay we accept your pleas, but especially for the prisoner who is your good friend, come on you more attention.
Let's go now to the next day of the elections.
I won't say anything.
Nikos Alivisatos daily.
 Is this the ideal period for an ambitious redefinition of Greek-Turkish relations for an Aegean agreement?
The whole story the day after the elections is this statement by Mrs Bakoyannis.
 Statements by Mr. Katrougalos' friend, a statement by Mr. Katrougalos that speak clearly about the problem we have with Turkey to lead to exploitation.
And the statement of Mrs Bakoyannis honours us very much, we do not cooperate with Velopoulos because we disagree on national issues and it refers to exploitation.
 I say this, finish model of Prespes agreement with Turkey for exploitation Katrougalos, Turkey has rights in the Aegean Venizelos, the Aegean is not a Greek lake Turkey has rights.
 Voridis, there is a possibility of negotiations and co-exploitation of the Aegean Papadimitriou, there is nothing wrong with exploitation Kairidis, Turkey as a coastal state in the Aegean and the Mediterranean has rights.
Dokos, Greece could marry her a deal in their exploitation.
That's the point, that's why the oligarchs are pushing the system to connect the 3 aces to rule because this history of exploitation has to end after the elections.
 Anyone who wants to make the exploitation to make the property, his own, not the 500 billion euros that belong to the Greek people from the many energy companies he has, according to Professor Selidis.
And here comes the other crime, which we have to talk about at some point and I'll close.
So let's find out and our Greeks are watching who are the new democracy and SYRIZA.
You gave out 16 billion euros, mainly the new democracy in the last few years because we are talking about Turkey.
 16 billion armaments.
Do you know that from one so 90.
Of the 13 we have, 2 were required.
Do you know that here in 130 out of 13 only one flies out of 130 out of 13 only one flies out of 27 out of 16 none flies.
And you want a goal.
It's a shame, you opened a back door and you're talking about the next election day.
 The next day of the elections.
The coalition scenarios.
They give and take because.
They do it among themselves.
Mrs Bakoyannis says, we will cooperate with PASOK and if SYRIZA wants to, yes, says SYRIZA.
 Some will work with each other for half a minute.
You don't care about the Greeks themselves will vote.
 Yes, the will of the Greek people is not your concern.
 They are not only concerned with power and the plundering of public property.
Because they can't govern themselves, they don't have a programme, because this country seems to be a disaster, because all they care about is the chairs, because they don't disagree on the major issues, they are already in government.
 SYRIZA has already voted for 50% of the bills of New Democracy.
 The same PASOK voted for 80, they already voted together to cut pensions, confiscate property, sell off PPC, DEA and airports and ports.
 All that remains is for them to co-govern on May 21 and then they will co-govern.
That is why we say that we are the only real, alternative, the right, the Greek, the patriotic solution to any problem with a program, a plan and above all the will to fight because they destroyed the country and we must rebuild it because they destroyed the hopes and the dignity of the Greeks and we will restore them and as Papadiamantis said and the "Glowing Glow, the Mourner on ruins".
 It's the fault of those who created the ruins, the ruins, the rulers and the ruins were created by the incompetent.
Governors of Greece in recent years and we repeat this must be corrected.
 We make a last appeal because Parliament is ending and closing.
You will vote for new democracy, you will get PASOK and SYRIZA you will vote for PASOK you will get SYRIZA and new democracy you will vote for SYRIZA and you will get PASOK and new democracy and above all.
 Simitis and his Team this is the reality.
 Do you want to vote Greek patriotic.
 Here comes the party government and the coalition government, vote Greek, give us a chance, give us a four-year term and together we will make Greece better.
And I close, Mr. President, by asking each of you individually.
If you had one chance, just one chance to save Greece and to change your own life.
 What you should have done on 21 May.
 Go vote.
 No to abstention.
We can make Greece Self-reliant or Opportunity.
 The only one is the first and last 21 May.
 Vote for the Greek solution, the real solution, because we are simply the solution and not the problem.
 Thank you very much.
Thank you, Mr. President, but.
