Friends and friends.
 And today, here in Serres, the message is loud and clear - Andreas Papandreou's PASOK is back.
 The country's algae, not as a complement, as Mr. Tsipras, Mr. Mitsotakis wants, but as a protagonist for a new hope for a new change.
 So make our power a decision of change for all Greek women and men.
 What the Greek people expect from us.
 After years of adventures.
 The fiscal crisis, the pandemic of Targeting.
 Where it all started.
 Mainly in the economy with the bankruptcy that Mr. Karamanlis handed over to George Papandreou.
 What the Greek people expect from us.
 Waiting once again for the truth.
 A force of responsibility, a force of programmatic discourse, a force of realism that will call a spade a spade.
 It will not hide behind responsibility.
 As in all critical times.
 When PASOK took over a Greece.
 The church of the Greeks was out.
 The actual production capacity.
 Hundreds of thousands of Greeks in Germany and other countries fled in the years of the post-civil war state.
 Thousands of Greek children were searching.
 A new hope, a new hope to build their lives.
 To build a family with dignity to move forward.
 And PASOK came as a movement for change.
 What PASOK changed.
 Built infrastructure a strong welfare state, education, health care.
 And, of course, an economy within the European Union, resilient in the great national issues, always with credibility.
 With great successes, such as the accession of Cyprus to the European Union with the Cyprus problem unresolved.
 What our political opponents have achieved.
 This is what I ask the Greek people to compare in these national elections.
 What the New Democracy has achieved with SYRIZA.
 New Democracy, decades in power did not put stone on stone.
 Mr Mitsotakis now says that he wants to take on the deep state.
 He himself is the deep state.
 Every day in his mirror he sees the deep state of family rule, the patronage of thousands of appointments.
 Direct awards.
 When they supported the major reforms of PASOK.
 The New Democracy faction.
 The Asep.
 Clarity, strong independent authorities.
 Oh.
 What was this e-prescribing.
 What was it that they supported to play great reformers.
 In all this was an obstacle.
 Mr Tsipras is happy and says, why should I be responsible for all these things that are happening?
 I says, I ruled shortly after the last 20 years Prime Minister PASOK had 3 years.
 Four and a half years of Tsipras and all the rest of the new democracy.
 So how come he doesn't take their responsibilities and what are his responsibilities?
 He did not say in 2014 seismic for red loans.
 He wasn't saying, don't pay, because there will come a time when you will tear up the memoranda and your debts will come out noble and sustainable arrangements.
 It is the same person who today sheds crocodile tears in front of people whose first home is at risk when he handed over the red loans to the crows of the funds in 2015 leaving only reality gallery.
 Gallery, tax.
 What Mr Tsipras did for farmers, for freelancers, the biggest tax raid of all times.
 I say this because they get annoyed when we talk about coalition governments, without these prime ministers we do it because we want to build a relationship of trust with the Greek people, telling them the truth, we say what we will do when we get this mandate, what we will do.
 Mr Mitsotakis says, I don't care about the first election, vote for this, it's been done before, vote for me, but he'll deliver the mandate then because the Greek people didn't say so.
 What to see.
 We are marathon runners passing the baton in the national elections first round, second round, third round until tomorrow.
 Mitsotakis Prime Minister, if possible this is a complete disregard for the Constitution and the popular verdict.
 What Mr Tsipras says will.
 I discuss says for coalition government only if it is first, it will not be first, it is clear.
 So I say here from Serres to the Greek people once again playing cheap games on your backs for this the only solution is the strong democratic party from the first Sunday for a stable road will govern progress and perspective hope for all Greeks.
 They say, I will choose our prime minister in all coalition governments, as programmatic convergences are made I will say today what our priorities will be.
 So there is a convergence in the faces.
 It is obvious that this is another communication game.
 When there are coalition governments, the convergences are also in the faces, especially in the face of the Prime Minister, who must be a person of common consent.
 So I will not say who is in a person of common acceptance.
 But some people even this simple issue that is happening in many European countries.
 Here they have made it a top issue because they do not want to convince the people or the well-known media rulers that the dilemma is Mitsotakis or chaos and we answer here from Serres that Mr Mitsotakis is chaos.
 It is social inequalities, it is the devaluation of public wealth, it is interception, it is the violation of human rights, it is the open attack on the principles.
 And they look so much alike.
 Let us remember who is stable and responsible, us or them.
 What we were saying about independent authorities and justice under SYRIZA we are saying now under the new democracy.
 We were saying then that the TV licence competition is a rigged game to give licences.
 Mr Tsipras to friendly business interests.
 It was proved by the judgments of the court 13 zero Mr Pappas was convicted.
 But everywhere it says justice everywhere justice for the rest of us Greeks, for them impunity.
 Because if one of us had been convicted 13 to zero in the Special Court and one of PASOK's executives, imagine what would happen if I put him on our ballot papers, the Greek people might wonder, and also if one of us, a close associate of mine, organized a paracracy of eavesdropping and instead of bringing him to justice, as Mr. Mitsotakis' son did.
 We had him on full status.
 Impunity.
 So respecting justice and institutions.
 So when independent authorities are attacked, we respond with PASOK strong, we will have a strong rule of law, separation of powers and strong independent authorities.
 Because for us the goal is for the Greek people to finally live in a European normality, for the state to respect its citizens and for us all to feel that we are equal before the law and not that for a few people we are equal before the law.
 The cronies of Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis have a regime of impunity, a regime of a peculiar attempt to cover up all their actions.
 This is our difference in political ethos.
 That is why we are a democratic party, because we really want there to be absolute transparency and meritocracy.
 We saw what happened in the tragedy of Tempi.
 A tragedy that stigmatized the entire Greek people.
 Because our state could not guarantee the basics in transport safety.
 What we saw in this case too.
 The former prime minister getting camera, going to Larissa to want to prove that he existed, says Telemedia.
 And the minister of New Democracy gets other cameras to enter Larissa to prove that there were, but did not work telecameras.
 But when they come to despise human life itself.
 What do you expect from these political leaders.
 I pretend they didn't know.
 This is Comrade Castanides.
 Who pointed out to the House that there was.
 That there was.
 From the independent transparency authority.
 He informed the responsible ministry that Mr. Karamanlis is the minister.
 That the 7 17 did not proceed.
 The contract of the TeleGovernment project that was signed in 2014 and had to be implemented in 2 years in 2016, because there are specific responsibilities and urges the competent ministry to give the file to the judiciary.
 So, the dear one asks.
 Companion and colleague to the Minister.
 Why didn't you take this file to the courts and the answer is, I didn't know it existed.
 Karamanlis did not know the file of the independent transparency authority, Mr Mitsotakis did not know that in 2000 20:22.
 The European Railway Agency had ranked our network the highest mortality network in Europe.
 They also did not know.
 That there were complaints from all stakeholders about safety on trains.
 But in 2019, just before he became Prime Minister, Mr Mitsotakis himself.
 At a New Democracy event he was saying all these problems there are at the moment in goal this video.
 So how does a prime minister have the audacity.
 To say, I don't know when he himself described the situation of the Greek railways in the darkest colours.
 Isn't that a huge audacity.
 I was certainly surprised.
 Why Mr Tsipras did not talk about the 7 17 contract and the conclusion of the independent transparency authority.
 Because this finding is for both periods is from 2017 to.
 In 2021, because this conclusion was given on 04/10/2021.
 All these.
 Tragically.
 They show that these 2 parties and their leaderships, because I don't like to make a universal incrimination, have no limits, they are capable of saying the same and the opposite, of doing what they denounce just to sit in the chairs of power.
 So that's why we are asking for a strong mandate because in a coalition government where there is a strong PASOK whose views and programme are a guideline, we would not have eavesdropping either.
 No cover-up either.
 No mock referendum either.
 Nor would we have thousands of direct awards for the oligarchs.
 We wouldn't have an undue democracy, we wouldn't have attacks on the judiciary.
 Mainly drama.
 Mr. Dragon has made a great struggle to teach the Greek people.
 What happened in the wiretapping scandal and we saw very well the contempt and targeting of those who were beaten by the polack in the past.
 Now Mr Georgiades was beating them.
 So that is why I call on you in this next great struggle of the national elections, to raise high the flag of the democratic party.
 Algiers of national dignity GAL.
 Facing toxicity and division.
 Which we saw even today.
 On the issue of the Evros fence.
 They say.
 The gentlemen of the new democracy, Mr Mitsotakis that a project of their own.
 I want to remind the Greek people of something that the channels have not been saying for the last few days PASOK started this project and the New Democracy voted against it when it started.
 Mr Tsipras is against this project, but four and a half years as prime minister he did not touch it, if he was so ideologically against it he should have torn down the Evros fence.
 So let's say, we actually.
 Obviously for us there are borders.
 Both at sea and on the Evros.
 It is obvious to us that our borders must be guarded borders, where the Greek people know that there is security.
 It is not a country where whoever wants to enter, whoever wants to leave, but on the other hand, this project cannot be an alibi for the entire European right and for Mitsotakis.
 And I want to explain myself.
 We socialists, we took the initiative in the European Parliament before the pandemic to revise Dublin.
 What this means.
 Anyone who enters the European Union.
 He doesn't apply for asylum in the first country as it is today with Dublin, so the burden falls on Greece, Italy, Spain, Malta.
 But with the revision we propose.
 The application for asylum is made throughout the European Union.
 So when someone gets this asylum rather than refugee status, there is no need for relocation, that is, Greece has to beg and plead for new relocation programmes, so that it is not a warehouse of souls, but there is a permanent relocation programme that distributes these people.
 According to population, unemployment and other social criteria in the countries of the European Union.
 So what we say.
 And to have borders that are secure borders.
 But also the revision of Dublin, because Mr Mitsotakis is only saying the first part, because those who are preventing the revision of Dublin, the fair distribution and solidarity in Europe are his own right-wing political family, those who are patting him on the back for the Evros project are the same people who condemn the peoples of the South to bear the burden of the refugee problem, giving money, of course, but solidarity cannot be bought with money or solidarity.
 Secured by institutions.
 This is the Europe of the people, not the Europe of the powerful and of conservation.
 Fully Tsipras on this issue.
 He has not learned his lesson since 2015.
 He managed to give the keys to the refugee migration issue in the hands of Erdogan.
 And Erdogan blackmailing all of Europe.
 This is what we want.
 We do not understand the difference between humanitarianism and geopolitical blackmail.
 When Lukashenko has the same strategy in Belarus it is reprehensible, but Erdogan has it in Turkey.
 We don't say a word.
 This is all very strange.
 But you know.
 The truth no matter how much you hide it.
 At some point, the issue is brought up not to be brought up at the expense of the public interest at too slow a pace.
 So, we have a clear view on geopolitical issues.
 All these issues must be dealt with in absolute solidarity and not with brutal divisions, especially during the elections, so that the Greek people see other problems, but not the solution of the real problems that a country in a critical geopolitical region has to face.
 Friends and friends.
 The big issue for us in the national elections is the big change.
 It is a big bet for me personally and for all of you who have kept the democratic party standing during the difficult years.
 The Greek people to feel that we can serve a new change.
 A new era.
 With a new perspective and with real hope and not with populism and elitism.
 So that is why we have as a priority our social democratic programme, which touches all generations, all social classes, but above all the middle class and the weakest Greeks, as has been PASOK's priority since its foundation.
 Then with the underprivileged.
 So what do we say.
 First of all we consider.
 That there should be an adjustment of the Recovery Fund.
 The European Union gave 32 billion to Greece.
 Mr Mitsotakis uses them only for a few and for purely clientelistic terms.
 We therefore say.
 First.
 The national health care system and you know it all too well.
 The Serra people this hospital is the work of PASOK and the downfall.
 The current one is the work of SYRIZA and the New Democracy.
 Gallery so we say.
 From the 2% of the Recovery Fund.
 Which is a tiny percentage of the lowest rates in all of Europe.
 We adjust the 8-10% so that we have a strong primary health care network nationwide.
 The second issue of the national health system is human resources.
 We need strong financial incentives for health workers thousands of Greek children are leaving over the years doctors, health workers to countries in the European Union, because salaries are too low in the national health system.
 So we are not just clapping, we are not just giving wishes, we want strong financial incentives for doctors and health workers to stay in Greece and join the national health system.
 Third point.
 There is a shortage of specialists, hundreds of surgeries are constantly postponed.
 We are therefore giving incentives to reopen these specialties, so that all these positions are filled throughout the national health system nationwide.
 It's a huge injustice.
 The Greek people pay the third highest private health expenditure in Europe after Bulgaria and Lithuania.
 Because dear friends.
 What is the biggest problem in Greek life today.
 It is the cost of living.
 And I want to be honest.
 It is not easy to accelerate wage growth.
 Half as many as grow.
 Such is the cost of living that it is prohibitive.
 We will fight for a sustainable growth that will increase wages that will have well-paid jobs.
 But the big bet is to bring down the cost of living and elements of the cost of living are health, education and housing.
 So the second point is strong public education, a lever of social mobility for the children of the Greek people, strong primary education, competitive public universities, research and technology.
 The third point is social housing.
 Our plan is very simple in all the major urban centres of the country.
 Municipalities to register closed houses.
 To find the owners and I mean by a ministry of social housing as there is in Portugal.
 Provide tax incentives and through the Recovery Fund, incentives to rebuild, so that these people can bring these closed homes into the social housing pool.
 Second, to reconstruct.
 Residential housing and thirdly, to build new housing.
 Of course with change and with an increase in city plans nationwide so that the cost of land will fall.
 In this way we aim to include in the pool of social housing 150.
000 homes to be given on the basis of social criteria.
 What is now the difference from the new democracy.
 What New Democracy says.
 Take low-interest loans to buy a home.
 We don't want to build new property.
 We want to provide hundreds of thousands of low-rent homes so that through competition rents will fall overall and not just 10 15.
000 attempts, but all the middle class and the weak.
 Because a big issue in urban centres is what your children and grandchildren face.
 When students go they can't find housing at a decent cost.
 As a result, their computer applications are no longer made on the basis of the hope of ambition, the need to create, but on the basis of the pocket, the father and the mother.
 And this is a huge social injustice that PASOK will face.
 The fourth point is the liquidity of SMEs.
 You know very well that the European Union gave 10 billion loans, low-interest loans to Greece, what do these loans explain?
 In Portugal.
 The socialist government made a special funding agency.
 Gentlemen, what did people think.
 This money is not given by Europe for the known oligarchs to take it.
 Neither are the big companies, which are not even the banks' customers anyway.
 Europe gave this money to those who today are in the throes of illiquidity who want to be able to get a loan on the basis of jobs, digital growth, synergies, climate change.
 So, if the data show that Mr Mitsotakis' priorities are.
 69 companies with 1.2% interest rate took 1.1 billion of the Recovery Fund, when thousands of farmers, farmers and small and medium-sized enterprises are in dire straits, this money for them was given by the European Union and not for the cronies of Mr. Mitsotakis of New Democracy.
 So that is why we are asking for the issue of loans to be prioritised for small and medium-sized enterprises.
 Another point of our programme, private debt.
 I said at the beginning of my speech.
 Tsipras said stubbornness.
 And he handed it all over in 2015.
 To the ravens the goal.
 I'm sure that here in Serras, as in all of Greece and in this room.
 There are borrowers.
 Who are in a very difficult situation.
 People who fought who are struggling.
 Who want a second chance at dignity.
 A society, a state cannot be unable to defend these people.
 I'm not saying.
 All to be lumped together are some who were strategic defaulters before the financial crisis.
 But the vast majority are people who struggle every day to keep up with their payments to tax offices, to social security funds, to banks, and who we in this archipelago of households and small and medium-sized enterprises must give new hope and a new perspective based on criteria of justice.
 So our programme is clear.
 A new law.
 Absolute protection of the first home.
 Based on the following criteria.
 What percentage of the loan has the borrower repaid the cost of his/her home.
 And of course.
 It will also concern his family situation.
 So that we can put in absolute protection for people who are in great need.
 Second point, agricultural land.
 Not a single acre of agricultural land to foreign interests, universal protection of agricultural land, we will not allow this patriotic Socialist, the Afellinization of the Greek Economy, giving the Greek people's homes, their property and agricultural land to the crows of the funds.
 And of course 120 instalments for debts to tax authorities and efka and for anyone who meets the 30% instalments.
 Reduction of initial capital.
 Swiss franc.
 80.
000 families are trapped in Swiss franc loans.
 That is why we recommend.
 1/3 of the interest rate increase to be borne by the borrower and 2/3 of the interest rate increase based on the exchange rate changes, the banking institutions, which cannot say that they didn't know, because our country faced the same problems with the yen in the 90s.
 All of this is very, very specific.
 And they are proposals that give Greece a strong perspective.
 But for the agricultural world and because there are thousands of farmers here in Serres, I want to say two or three more things.
 You know.
 The green transition.
 It's a policy made.
 The question is how each Member State will implement it.
 It will implement it by enabling hundreds of farmers and livestock farmers and processors to make energy communities, thousands of Greeks to put photovoltaics on the roofs of their homes, or.
 It will give all this new business framework to a few powerful construction companies to exploit.
 So we are not inventors and we are following models of countries that want a green transition without energy poverty and with energy democracy.
 That is why we propose investments in networks.
 If Greece invests in the networks here in Serres hundreds of energy communities can ensure farmers, farmers, farmers and processors that in the next 15 years they will have stable production prices and will not be blackmailed by their 2 policy changes.
 Energy oligarchs and gas.
 But why all this did not happen.
 They didn't know E, they don't know what Germany, Spain, Portugal are doing.
 They said the Greek people are being pressured by Europe to leave lignite.
 But Europe did not tell them to take the country for access to gas.
 Both Tsipras and Mitsotakis did it themselves and they say that we don't know that Russia had a war and we would have had price increases, but that's not the case when in 2014.
 There was the crisis in Crimea.
 And they all knew what might happen in the future.
 Greece was not dependent on natural gas to the extent that it is today.
 So, then, a government that strategically saw the future of the Greek people and the geopolitical security of the country.
 What should it have done to invest in the networks so that we can consume the energy we produce, whatever happens in Turkey with its pipelines to Russia or other countries, but they went in favor of serving the domestic oligarchy and gave the whole energy mix to go to natural gas for the few to exploit the many today with the energy crisis and even.
 And in fact, instead of those few paying.
 We paid for the energy crisis with our taxes, all of us, by giving billions in subsidies.
 The rest of the oligarchy in Europe were losing and in Greece they were winning at the expense of the Greek people under the seal of Mr.Tsipras and Mr.Mitsotakis Gal.
 So Gal, friends.
 Investment in networks will be universal.
 To see the extent of the unreliability in the previous Council of Europe, Mr Mitsotakis called, he says, for an energy highway.
 Connecting Greece with Northern Greece.
 With Central Europe.
 And he asked for this.
 When we cannot consume the consumables here we will sell them there.
 But he is asking something of the Europeans who are not himself in our country.
 He tells them, "You make networks but he doesn't make networks here.
 If the recovery fund minimum million euros is made in the given to the network.
 So what green transition.
 What social justice, what geopolitical strategy of the country and I go to the other point of the networks.
 Which transmission networks are currently being invested in across Europe.
 Which are the most environmentally friendly.
 Which are the cheapest for each nation, for its transport, for the poorest Europeans by train.
 Are the trains Ma Ma.
 What we gave us from the Recovery Fund the trains, when other countries are not billions of almost nothing.
 And I come back to this unfortunately.
 Because the tragedy underlined the weakness.
 But even without the tragedy, this weakness was known.
 A country that wants to use its ports cannot privatise them, but not invest in serious companies to make rolling networks that will connect Greece with the rest of Europe.
 So that is why we and because we in Northern Greece must strengthen our country as a geopolitical energy and transport hub, so that the farmer, the farmer, the farmer, the poet knows very well that the big investment is in the cost of production, in transport, in exports and in extroversion, so that your children stay here and do not leave like their grandparents in Germany and other countries.
 This is real investment to stop golf in the country.
 And of course with the synergies of these sectors with tourism.
 We cannot say that we have 25 million tourists in Greece every year.
 But we'll be a vast hotel.
 And the profit will be only for the bed only for housing, a little bit for feeding, but for no other sector of the economy.
 So we say measurable targets like Spain and Portugal.
 We need to set targets.
 The majority of millions of travelers to taste Greek oil, Greek wine, processed agricultural products, not just 10 days in Greece, but 365 days in all their countries of origin and to relive a time of recovery, a time of dignity, competitiveness of production indicators.
 Friends and friends.
 There are other issues concerning the agricultural sector.
 You know them very well.
 And follow-up notes this area is not very critical for the prefecture of Serres.
 Where unemployment is currently at 40%.
 Where you are the champions in immigration, where the population has decreased very much in the last, unfortunately, demographic measurement that was done in our country.
 We have a duty here and throughout Greece to invest in regional development.
 The future of Greece cannot be that 50% of Greeks live in miserable economic conditions in Athens, we must invest strategically in regional development and PASOK is the party that started this policy in the 1980s and we have a duty to continue it after half a century, if we want our country to have a demographic future and not.
 It is on the brink of demographic catastrophe.
 So that's why infrastructure is very, very critical, just as we're talking about energy, we'll be talking in a few years about water resources.
 That is why we are asking and we want to guarantee that there will be significant land reclamation projects, so that there are cheap natural resources, water resources for all farmers throughout Greece and especially in areas where the basins have a huge issue.
 There are issues that concern everyday life.
 There are issues that we have to deal with and they have to do with culture.
 Having to do with extroversion.
 What happened here.
 With the tomb of Kasta.
 What happened.
 A cultural monument of world interest.
 How many years have we been hearing that it will be ready.
 3 days were enough.
 For the government to clean up in Tatoi so that the dead king can be buried, but here in these breath projects years go by and we don't see any change.
 Gal you remember very well.
 What the New Democracy politicians said about the Greek sugar industry.
 Among their key election pledges were.
 Where is now all status.
 Mr Georgiades, can you tell us what happened with this issue, when in 2019 he said that in a few months the plant will be operating normally.
 Friends and friends.
 Greece.
 It can become a country where its people live in dignity, happiness and prosperity.
 It is enough for the political system to speak the language of truth and to change from being a clientelistic programmatic.
 This is the very great ambition of the new era of PASOK to make a breakthrough in all that the Greek people have been experiencing in recent years.
 Greece went bankrupt in the hands of New Democracy and they are so unrepentant that they can bankrupt it again and Mr. Tsipras and Mr. Mitsotakis, because they do not tell the whole truth to the Greek people, they invest in toxicity, anarchocracy and patronage.
 So we want to say to your children who did not live through the good days of PASOK.
 Who want to hear a modern European political discourse.
 That for us, meritocracy and transparency will be elements that will follow us throughout this new era without wavering.
 I will not accept anything that undermines this new relationship of trust that the democratic party is creating with all generations of the country.
 That's why the top issue in any discussion of work is.
 All agency locations.
 Which even today have.
 Children of the party tube people who do not know the objects buffets of the new democracy and the previous years of SYRIZA all covered by open international tenders, so.
 Gal all Greeks, as was done with the AAA, to be done in an institutional way now all Greeks can submit their CVs so that we can finally have a public administration.
 Which is truly independent of any resident of the Maximos building.
 So the dilemma in the next unfair elections is not SYRIZA or New Democracy, the dilemma in the next national elections is either a state that is a prey in the hands of Mr.Tsipras and Mr.Mitsotakis or a state that guarantees the public interest in order to give real hope and prospects to all Greeks.
 Gala the Gal state, this state that we envision, is a state.
 When the Prime Minister's nephew picks up the phone and says he attended the heads of the armed forces.
 The candidate for leader of PASOK, the minister of the government of the New Democracy.
 The state through the s says No, sir, you do your job and we do ours.
 When Mr. Priest picks up the phone.
 And he says that set up the tenders for the licences to distribute the shares to the oligarchs who support SYRIZA.
 The state says you do your job and we do ours.
 If we do not have this clean state that respects the institutions, the justice system and the citizens, you can be sure that we will have new fiscal adventures ahead of us, because no one will respect your space.
 Your rights, your children and your grandchildren.
 So this is PASOK's duty to build a transparent, meritocratic state that will not be a state of impunity for the oligarchs.
 For the friends of the power that be.
 Friends and friends.
 Closing.
 I want to talk about the workers.
 For people of effort.
 For the people who all these years of the fiscal adventure.
 Did not give increases in the minimum wage.
 They have seen frozen triennials, and I pledge here from Serres that we must liberalise triennials, so that those paid on the lowest salaries can start to progress in terms of salary again.
 We finally owe it to.
 Gal to declare the sectoral agreements that have been signed as compulsory, the first being that of hotel workers and of course this time to be the last time that the minimum wage is determined by state intervention.
 We are determined to bring back the setting of the minimum wage to the social partners themselves through the national general collective agreement, because the worker must at last.
 To feel, respect that there are rights.
 There is a prospect that his efforts are paying off.
 Gal all of them.
 These are our proposals for the Greece of the future.
 They are our standards for a normal European country.
 They are our standards for dignity and justice.
 They are our standards, because we have a long history.
 We have suffered and we have learned, we are not saying that we did not make mistakes, but we are saying that everything good that has happened in this country has been done under the stamp of the democratic party.
 Gal glass here from Serres.
 These halls are not big enough for us and are a response to the polls and the alleged dilemmas of our political opponents.
 We will send a clear message of victory, a clear message of victory and change.
 We therefore call upon the Greek people.
 The anger.
 The anger and despair to do it with us.
 Change decision Change decision for a better life Change decision for a better life Change decision for a strong Greece Change decision for a welfare state that addresses social inequalities Change decision for dignity pensions Change decision for prosperity for all Change decision for sustainable growth with respect for the environment.
 And not the growth that half of the jobs that have opened in the last 4 years are jobs that are only.
 Rotational work involving part-time work and 500 €-500 €.
 You can't build a life of dignity.
 So that is why we propose a development model that will give prospects to all Greeks and above all to your children and grandchildren to stay in Greece, to create wealth, to have a family and to become strong and proud again, as we were in the past.
 That is why I invite you today to get all the latest information on the latest.
 Let your hands will guarantee a new era with better days.
 I expect nothing from the channels, I expect nothing from the powerful.
 I expect a lot from you and you can be sure that I will never betray you and we will make the Pass again or series and strong.
 The world would be in the interest of the Greek people and especially for the weak, he said to be well.
 Good race on the night of the national elections we will be in the momentum of the winners, make strength and good race and here from Serres be well.
 Algiers.
 For l.
 We'll get the sun drunk.
 Definitely yes.
 We're gonna drive the boyfriend crazy. Sure, yeah.
 Ttal C.
 For lyal for.
 Algiers laughs, the sun and I are broken.
 But.
 And it starts to.
 The red for the algae.
 The children for myrcine, the apron for.
 The red for the pomegranate, the green for the children, for Messini and the fire for.
 We're gonna get drunk on the fact that the two of them are definitely.
 We'll drive him crazy, Algiers.
 For l.
