Speech by the Prime Minister and President of the New Democracy Kyriakos Mitsotakis in Ioannina05/04/2023 Mr. Speaker of the Parliament, Mr.
 Regional Governor, dear Mayors, friends, neo-democrats of Epirus, of Ioannina, We have held many meetings in this hall, but this is by far the biggest one.
 Thank you for such a warm, impressive welcome.
 And Ioannina, Epirus, sends today its own message of optimism and hope to every corner of the country.
 From here, from this place which I love so much, from this place with its enormous contribution to the building of modern Greece, the wave of victory rises.
 The wave that on May 21 will bring a new self-reliant government to take our country higher and further, for a second mandate for progress, to move, as our motto says, firmly, boldly, only forward.
 You know that I have come many times - I have lost count - to Epirus, here in Ioannina, and on the way to the polls on May 21, I am once again by your side.
 I shake hands with each and every one of you individually and I say a big thank you from the bottom of my heart for your support, for your love, for your applause, for your smile, for your enthusiasm.
 I'm here because I want to plan together what we want to achieve.
 I am here because we must weigh together what we have won.
 But I'm here, as Mrs.
 President, let's remember together where we started.
 Because it is true that in the last four years as a country, as a Greek people, we have gone through and overcome a lot: from the illegal invasions of migrants in Evros to the waves of the pandemic, and from the constant national challenges to a war on our continent.
 The ensuing energy crisis, the imported precision which tests the disposable income not only of Greeks but of all Europeans.
 Together we experienced painful moments, such as the Tempi.
 They are tests that have revealed long-standing gaps and weaknesses.
 Islands of an anachronistic yesterday that resists and has managed to take revenge on us before we uproot it, making the battle against it even more urgent.
 I want to declare to you today that I am even more determined to confront all those foci that are holding our country back.
 I will do it, we will do it together, with more conviction, with more momentum, but above all to implement even faster the great changes that our country needs so much.
 So that by making our country better, we become better with it.
 But, friends, all these adversities that have befallen us have not broken us.
 And they did not bend us because the state, the state, the government stood by the citizens and businesses that were being tested.
 We spent more than €50 billion to tackle the coronavirus scourge.
 We kept society standing, we kept the economy standing, we kept jobs standing.
 There is no businessman - small, medium or large - who does not acknowledge that the state stood by him when he was watching his turnover disappear.
 There is no worker who does not know that it was the state that actually paid the wages in order to preserve jobs.
 And I don't think there is a vulnerable citizen who is not aware and does not recognize that in these difficult times we have turned our attention primarily to those who need it most.
 Because we are the great popular party of the country, New Democracy, which comes from far away and goes even further.
 But we are also, mind you, the responsible New Democracy, because all these things I have described to you we did without endangering the fiscal balance.
 We have made a number of wise choices and have been able to respond to the needs of the times, such as the need to strengthen our defence.
 But also something else very important: despite great difficulties this government has done what it promised.
 I want us to remember together, when I came to speak to you in Ioannina during the pre-election period - before the elections of May and after July 2019 - what we had committed to, this truth agreement that I asked you to sign at that time, what exactly it consisted of.
 And let's go and see together if what we told you in 2019, what I had personally committed to, we have delivered.
 The first thing I told you back then is that we're going to shake up the economy.
 We will cut taxes, increase jobs, attract investment, modernise the state.
 I told you then we will return to the middle class what the four years of SYRIZA deprived it of.
I told you that I want a united society, and a united society means caring for the weakest.
 To reduce, as far as possible, social inequalities.
 I told you that the economy must finally come out of its stagnation, to enter a sustainable growth path.
 I pledged to you that we would restore Greece to its rightful place in Europe.
 And, finally, that we will be faced with division and polarisation and that we should finally recognise as a society and learn from our history.
 To be taught that the great leaps as a country, as a nation, were made only when we were united and not when we were divided.
 So let's see what we have implemented.
 Today we have cut more than 50 taxes and permanent burdens of more than 7 billion euros have been removed from the backs of citizens.
 I told you in 2019 that the ENFIA will be reduced by 30%.
 We reduced it by 35%.
 The solidarity contribution is now a thing of the past for all Greek women and men.
 The parental benefits tax - we added this, we didn't have it in our election program, we abolished the tax on parental benefits up to 800.
000 euros, so that property can be transferred from parents to children without paying additional taxes.
 The world of labour, workers and businesses were telling us then: watch out for the issue of taxation on labour.
 The contributions are high, and indeed the contributions were very high.
 We reduced them by four points, easing the burden on businesses, especially small and medium-sized enterprises, adding income for workers.
 And I committed in 2019 that my intention is to raise the minimum wage at twice the rate of GDP growth.
 We also exceeded the target we set.
 Increased 20%.
 At 650 euros we received it, at 780 euros it is today.
 But we did not only take care of the workers, productive Greece.
 We bent down and with attention to the problems of the absentees of labour.
 For the first time we have permanent increases, almost 8%, for pensioners after 12 years.
 And because there was an injustice in the issue concerning the personal difference, just a few days ago those who continue to be wronged by the infamous personal difference of the Katrougalos law received aid of 200 to 300 euros.
 One of the central objectives that I had set, friends, is to attract many investments back to our country.
 The first problem we have faced and continue to face is the problem of unemployment.
 And if I had to single out one success of the government that I am particularly proud of, it is the fact that in four years and in these difficult circumstances we have reduced unemployment by 7 percentage points and created almost 300.
000 new jobs.
 These jobs are not all at minimum wage.
 Many jobs are well-paid positions.
 For the first time we have managed to start reversing the brain drain.
 Young children who left our country during the crisis are for the first time seriously considering returning.
 And here I can tell you that I am particularly happy when I go to a high-tech company here in Ioannina, for example, and I see employees from Epirus who have returned from abroad to work in a high-tech company.
 Not just in Greece, here in Ioannina.
 This is the Greece of creation that I envision and that we want to build together.
 But, friends, in 2019 I told you something else: that we cannot play with our national issues.
 That we cannot tolerate Greece to be a "closed vineyard".
 That we cannot accept the logic that the sea has no borders and that anyone can enter our country whenever and however they want, without anyone controlling them.
 What we have achieved in these four years.
 Illegal migration flows have been reduced to a minimum.
 Hold on to a fact that has its own special significance: in 2015, 75% of all those who entered Europe illegally, illegal immigrants, entered from Greece.
 In Europe, 75% passed through Greece.
 Today it is below 10%.
 The outlying islands were relieved.
 We are done with this drama, the misery of Moria.
 Hospitality structures have been modernised.
 It is a policy which is now recognised in Europe as the right one.
 It is a policy that recognises and protects the Greek borders, which are also European borders, now extending the artificial barrier on Evros.
 Some people question their usefulness, some people go as far as to demand that the European Commission not fund, watch out, such a project, so that all of you Greek taxpayers pay for it.
 But I want to say one thing here from Ioannina: the artificial barrier, the fence as we are used to calling it, will definitely be built, either with European or national resources, because it is a national necessity.
 It will happen no matter how much those who continue, unfortunately, to be the national exceptions, oppose it.
 Because I really regret that on certain self-evident issues concerning foreign policy and national sovereignty, the political forces cannot agree on certain issues.
 But society agrees and Evros unites us and strengthens us, just as the 24 new Rafale fighters strengthen us, as the 84 F-16 Vipers strengthen us, as the three frigates - two of which are already being built in the French shipyards - strengthen us, new corvettes that we will soon order, the modern means of the army, the new ships that we will soon order, and the modern equipment of the army.
 But above all, the members of the Armed Forces, the women and men of the Greek Army, Navy, Air Force, Special Forces, Coast Guard, Police, 365 days a year, 24 hours a day, without holidays, without vacations, make us strong and proud.
 It is they and they who are up and awake so that we can all sleep soundly.
 We owe them a big thank you from Ioannina.
 And this is just one side of the "blue shield".
 The other side of it is highlighted by our national diplomacy, by the defence agreements and treaties that we have signed with the United States, with France, by the many inter-state agreements, peace and security agreements, and by the.
 Because today we are not only consolidating our alliances with powerful states, with traditional allies, we are expanding our influence everywhere, from North America to Japan, the Balkans, which are so important for the northwest corner of Greece.
 Greece has returned to the Balkans with renewed vigour and is claiming the role it deserves, which is none other than that of a protagonist.
 And our voice is now heard loud and respected in all international fora, from the US Congress and the UN to Brussels and the major capitals of the world.
 And I must tell you that it is a great satisfaction for us when our European partners also recognise that Greece is now entering the discussions that take place in the European Union not as the bad boy of Europe, as it was for many years, not as a beggar claiming support programmes, debt relief, but as a proud and equal country, which can now participate effectively in European affairs and have its voice heard everywhere, with confidence and power.
 So, after four years, yes, we can say: that never, never in the post-independence period has any government encountered so many major problems in such a short period of time.
 So many sudden and successive crises, so many unprecedented and complex crises.
 Because I want to remind you that when we were faced with, let's say, the coronavirus crisis, there was no instruction manual on how to deal with it.
 It was something completely unknown, unprecedented for all of us and we had to learn, to adapt, to deal with the crisis essentially on the move.
 But we made a great effort to overcome these crises and we did it together.
 And I will stick to this section.
 It's the unity that we showed, say, in the first steps of the coronavirus response.
 Not without fail, I will be the first to state clearly that we are not infallible and I will have the courage to take responsibility when I find clear errors.
 But an error only becomes an error when it is repeated.
 And what we have proven is that we can learn from our mistakes and constantly strive to become better with hard work, with a plan and actions that lead to overall success.
 This experience that we have gained, friends, over these four years is also a special national legacy.
 Everything went perfectly.
 Greece suddenly turned from a country in trouble to a country of paradise.
 Obviously not.
 And I want to remind you that when I asked for your trust in 2019 I did not promise miracles.
 I'm not some magician who can pull rabbits out of hats.
 I promised hard work and measurable results.
 But we know that we have great difficulties ahead of us.
 I know very well, I know it especially when I talk to young children, that wages in our country are still low.
 I know very well that young children, young couples, are finding it difficult today to find a home.
 Many young children find it difficult to leave home, live on their own, become independent, start a family.
 I know very well that this health system, which has withstood the pandemic so well, has considerable potential and considerable room for improvement.
 I know very well that in education - and I am glad that I am here today in a student city par excellence, in Ioannina, and we have so many young people who are with us - that the great changes that have taken place in education with our universities, which have begun to be liberated and become more creative, must be continued.
 And I know that in the public sector transactions have been digitised - and that is a great success -.
 But we must also make responsible behaviour.
 And that's what the last accident taught us in a way that we must not relive.
 Let me put it differently: if until today we have managed to "stay in Europe" -remember this slogan, so timely, because we must not forget, friends, what happened in 2015, let us not forget how close we came to total catastrophe-, now we can say that "we are Europe", but we are still called upon to cover great distances from Europe and to "become Europe" everywhere and in everything.
 And we can and we will.
 Because any grey clouds that still exist cannot obscure the clear horizons that have now opened up.
 Greece of 2023 is nothing like the country of closed banks, taxes, unemployment, the international margin.
 Yesterday we had the great pleasure of welcoming the President of the Eurogroup in our country.
 Do you remember how much this institution had troubled us in the past, when it punitively asked our country to impose and take new austerity measures?
 What the President of the Eurogroup said yesterday.
 And I want to read it exactly as he said it: "After the election, the new government will have a healthier economic outlook, with a stronger economic foundation than any previous government, and that's because of the work you've done and the tough decisions you've made.".
 Mr.
 Donohoe: "a job that has delivered results and strengthened your resilience just at a time when we all need it".
 I will not add anything else.
 It is the best recognition of the significant progress we have achieved - I will say it again - together, with an economy that is now leading the way in growth.
 I want you to remember that from 2015 to 2019, when those who are again claiming the vote of the Greek people were in power, in very good international circumstances, without crises, the Greek economy was the laggard in growth in the eurozone.
 Today we are champions.
 With 6% growth for 2022, when the euro area is growing at just over 3%.
 With record investments, record exports, record tourism revenues.
 I was reminded today by good friends at the Dodoni factory, which I visited, that in just four years exports of feta, the champion product of the primary sector, have gone from 480 million to 605 million euros.
 euro.
 And growth is not an abstract concept, you know.
 Growth is many small, medium and large efforts being made, many investments being launched, many jobs being created.
 Together they create this foundation for collective progress, so that we can be one step up from the investment grade today.
 And this investment grade, which you hear a lot about, is not just a term that should only apply to market experts.
 The moment the country will finally get the much-needed investment grade, we can realistically expect to reduce the cost of borrowing, both for the Hellenic Republic and for the banks and households, finally.
 That is why it is so important to obtain the investment grade and I will say again here in Ioannina - and you know that I don't like to brag about things that I am not absolutely sure about - but I look you in the eye and I tell you that if the elections result in a stable, strong government of New Democracy, Greece will obtain the investment grade within 2023.
 But I want to repeat a rule that is inviolable for us.
 It is the rule of growth which goes hand in hand with fiscal order.
 We did not create surpluses by overtaxing the middle class.
 The stock which we distributed to society was the product of development itself.
 That's why we were able to support households, businesses, electricity bills.
 We have built a wall of defence against precision with subsidies, more than 9 billion.
 global subsidies to support electricity prices.
 Look at the situation we are in, I want to put it in simple terms so you can understand it: gas prices have reached the point where they are ten times higher than they were 18 months ago.
 Think what would happen if the price of petrol was ten times more expensive, to put it simply, than it is today.
 But what have we done, friends.
 We taxed the producers of electricity and we returned this taxation, these excess profits, to all and sundry, to the whole of Greek society.
 And we have supported households with additional financial assistance to cope with imported precision, with measures that some have ridiculed, such as the Market Pass.
 But other countries are now rushing to copy them, for the simple reason that they were effective.
 And yes, today we still have inflation and accuracy is the number one problem that we are facing, but we have to look at the big picture and see that Greece has the fifth lowest inflation in the eurozone, we have managed - as far as possible - to contain price increases and I really believe that the hardest part on the inflation front is now behind us.
 I want to reiterate that all this, believe me, was neither obvious nor easy, and even more so when, in addition to external difficulties, it had to be accompanied by solutions to long-standing shortcomings.
 Again, however, these brave changes that have taken place have been able to increase public wealth, so that it is returned to the citizens not only as income but also as a collective good.
 What is the collective good.
 That we took health care spending from 3.9 billion to 5.2 billion today.
 Education is a collective good, a better investment in our schools.
 The most recruitment of health workers, we have more than 18 thousand new health workers who were hired these last four years.
 Wage increases started in health: 10% increases for all employees of the National Health System, doctors, nurses, support staff from 1/1/23.
 Screening tests are a public good.
 Beware, women, many of whom may have never in their lives had a mammogram.
 Consider a woman in an isolated village in Epirus who suddenly receives - she does not go to the doctor herself - a message telling her that you can go for a free mammogram in a public hospital or a private facility.
 When did this happen again in Greece.
 And from this mammogram already more than 5.
000 - I am addressing especially women, I think you understand what I am going to tell you from experience - 5.
000 women identified with breast cancer.
 They didn't know him and today they have an increased chance of getting well.
 This is a public good which is financed by the surplus of our economy.
 Public education is a public good.
 For the first time in ten years, 25 people were hired.
000 permanent teachers, 4.
000 more next year.
 You remember all those people who fought against model and experimental schools.
 You remember all of them, yes.
 Well, we've doubled them and now we've announced 18 more, if I'm not mistaken, new.
 And the best answer to all those who criticised us is how parents are now interested in sending their children to model and experimental schools, because they recognise that there is a special, great work being done in these schools.
 Public policy is to be able to teach children English from the age of four in kindergarten, so that we can think about the next generation.
 It is public policy that students acquire up-to-date knowledge, new programmes.
 I will be at a school tomorrow in Agioi Anargyros, where we will put the first interactive whiteboards, which will be installed in all Greek schools.
 Public policy is to support vocational education, not just the children who go to university, post-secondary education, technical professions, where we have real shortages today.
 Support public IEKs with new curricula that produce graduates with skills that can easily find jobs in a changing labour market.
 And of course, public policy is to simplify the public sector.
 The gov.
gr was and is a revolution that must continue.
 Remember your life before the gov.
gr.
 Wait in the queues at the CCP for the simplest transaction with the State.
 And yet, today, contact with the public sector is now digital, this is not only for the younger people, it is also for the older ones.
 I will share with you a nice story.
 I was in Korydallos two months ago, if I remember correctly, at a digital skills training centre and I saw ladies of a certain age that I wouldn't expect to see there being trained in basic digital skills.
 And when I asked a lady "why are you here.
" he says to me: "because, son, I don't want to be dependent on my grandson to get into the gov.
gr».
 This is the Greece that is really changing.
 A Greece with new infrastructure projects, with roads running through the whole country, with the Athens Metro spreading, the Thessaloniki Metro completed, new airports, new ports.
 A country that is becoming an international energy hub, at the same time as we are exploiting our natural "fuels".
 We are champions, one of the top ten countries in the world, we generate almost 50% of our electricity from the sun and wind.
 And all this without mentioning other achievements: the digital working card.
 It was also fought by the opposition, but today it protects workers and really safeguards their overtime.
 The reform of supplementary insurance for young workers.
 Every young person today, when he or she is insured on a supplementary basis, has his or her own individual piggy bank, his or her own fund and "a little bit of money fills the bag".
 And every month there is an extra contribution and the new person knows that this piggy bank is his and he can manage it as he wants.
 The Personal Assistant for the disabled, already a measure that is being implemented.
 And of course since yesterday, the latest announcement of this government, the 8% increase in all disability benefits of the OPEKA.
 The "My Home" programme.
 I talked before about housing, about the difficulty that young couples have in getting a house.
 Ten thousand of our young citizens, young couples can now - the programme is already running - apply.
 House up to 150.
000 euros, to own their own home by repaying a soft loan at a cost lower than what you would pay if you were renting a house.
 Why the largest part of the interest rate is subsidised by the State.
 All this, then, friends, did not happen.
 They succeeded.
 It was based on a well thought out plan which is now being continued.
 And I had the opportunity today to speak and present our regional programme for Epirus: 380 projects, €2.7 billion.
 A roadmap for a champion Epirus, for a truly underprivileged region which, however, can run faster than the rest of Greece.
 I will not go into detail about what we have presented.
 But it's worth it for those who are really interested in running through them.
 You will see a structured, well thought out plan with specific funding resources, with implementing agencies.
 A plan that was developed in consultation with the local government, with my good friend your Regional Governor, Alekos Kachrimanis, the Mayors of the Region, the.
 You have indicated to us which projects we should prioritise.
 I remember Alekos from the first moment I took over, I can still hear the echo in my ears: "Ioannina-Kakavia, Ioannina-Kakavia, first priority".
 It becomes the road.
 And he's not the only one.
 Because you here know that all the major roads that brought Epirus out of isolation - the Ionian Road, the Egnatia Road, a project first envisioned by Konstantinos Mitsotakis - all these projects have the seal of New Democracy.
 Let me add the development of the airport, the hugely important concession of the port of Igoumenitsa, the second largest port in the country.
 And I will say again, as I said in the presentation a few hours ago -because those who rush to talk and use terms that may be misunderstood about privatization- what we are doing with the port of Igoumenitsa: we are leasing it, to make it clear, for 40 years.
  And the private party has the obligation to launch a series of investments and after 40 years the asset reverts to the State.
 But only in this way, with the partnership of the public and private sectors, can the major investments that the country needs be made.
 Like an emblematic project, the Technology Park here in Ioannina.
 We have found half of the RRF funding, we will find the other half.
 It is a project that must be implemented in order to exploit the great potential that exists in the technology sector.
 We should turn our attention to the primary sector, the large irrigation projects, the dam at Kompoti.
 Much has been done for farmers in the region, more can be done.
 In health, €50 million will be spent only on hospitals in Epirus, where I want to remind you that here alone we have almost 600 new permanent doctors and nurses.
 As here in Epirus 437 teachers were appointed, 3.
339 substitutes, three standards, six new schools and a significant amount of money for the local university.
 You are very fortunate to have an excellent university in Ioannina, which provides excellent quality education, but above all it connects the local economy with education, as it should in any modern academic system.
 And of course I attach great importance to the restoration of archaeological sites, in Nicopolis, in Dodoni.
 And of course in the protection of the environment, this unique environment that you have here in Epirus, which is your great comparative advantage.
 Your two great mountains, Smolica and Tymphi, are now "Apatity mountains".
 This means that no wind turbines can be put in, no other major works can be done other than very basic maintenance works.
 And a personal commitment of mine, a struggle that I have been giving for a long time, that Zagori should finally be included in the list of Unesco's cultural landscapes.
 I hope we can take this decision within this year.
 Of course we still have work to do here in Epirus, because production may have increased overall - Epirus' GDP by 16.3% - many private investments and that is something that makes me happy, big investments.
 Recall a little the ruined state-owned "Dodoni", on the verge of bankruptcy.
 Today, however, the company has 600 employees and buys milk from 5.
000 livestock farmers, whom it effectively supports and allows them to do what they love.
 And here, in Epirus, unemployment fell by five points.
 We can do better.
 Farmers and entrepreneurs in the region as a whole have been supported with more than half a billion euros.
 Friends, I have told you all this not because I want to spend too much time taking stock of our work, but because it is extremely important to demonstrate the consistency of words and deeds, words and deeds.
 Because only if we convince the citizens that what we told them during the election we have implemented, then they will believe us and what we will tell them that we want to do in the second four-year term.
 So much has been done, but - I want to stress - much more must, can and will be done.
 Besides, I believe that especially here in Ioannina we owe this to a great absentee, Moses Elisha.
 He was a unifying mayor.
 First wanted in the election, he preferred comparison to conflict.
 That's what I want, that's what we want.
 We don't want to argue in the windows and fill public discourse with toxicity, but we want to compare.
 And we want people to remember the reductions in income, the taxes they experienced under SYRIZA, to remember and compare them with the reductions they have today.
 Reminding citizens of crisis management.
 And the previous ones managed crises and we managed crises.
 But not only, not only.
 On the road to 21 May, the "country of open borders" will have to face the safe Greece of 2023.
 The consistency of those who talk about justice with the slogan - note the irony - "justice everywhere" while they have two convicted Ministers in the Special Court.
 The audacity of those who lately denounce division when they themselves proclaim, even today, "it's us or them" and threaten us all that it will be different the second time around.
 So I tell them, from Ioannina, that they are in vain: there will be no second time in the disaster.
 Our opponents go to the polls with false words.
 I found it interesting that they have nothing of their own to say.
 They copied, copied Mr.
 Tsipras the old motto of the old PASOK: "change or sink".
 Do you remember who said it first.
 We didn't exactly change, we sank then.
 And to reinforce the poison of populism they borrow from the margins various vulgar artists who have made their presence known only through unacceptable slogans against women.
 First and foremost and always incorrigible, they resort to what they know how to do: lie, divide society.
 And this tactic of theirs, to repeat an inaccuracy over and over again until some people believe it to be true, "say, say, say, something will remain," they say.
 Let me remind you that they did it with the non-existent "little Maria" who supposedly went missing on Greek soil in Evros, until we exposed this lie as well.
 They're repeating it now with the water issue.
 We need to make a big effort to manage our water resources better, to have a modern water supply, to reduce losses, to have cheaper water eventually, to help our farmers have more water, to collect water, to reuse it.
 All this, which is nothing more than a coherent strategy for managing the most valuable resource we have.
 Some call it, he says, "privatisation".
 With songs and concerts, in fact, to entice people.
 That's how they become liars after music.
 This opposition would be funny if it wasn't dangerous.
 In the past, in the coronavirus era, I want to remind you, we had sanitary sabotage.
 Then we had the opposition of economic sabotage, when they voted against wage and pension increases.
 They even voted against disability rights.
 We have always had an opposition of national sabotage as they did not support defense spending and important agreements that strengthened and reinforce national independence and the armor of the country.
 Their yesterday, therefore, predicts their today: "no to everything, yes to nothing".
 Promises that again give everyone everything, with money that comes from some unknown money center.
 With solutions that caress the ears.
 But they empty pockets, they finally imprison minds.
 Because what else can ideas about state banks, about new taxes.
 They don't even hide it.
 They get away with it, so, in TV debates.
 Their desire is almost an obsession to tax entrepreneurship, the middle class and the middle class again.
 All these words we hear about the dismissal of judges, the abolition of Independent Authorities, and of course the abolition of the Evros fence.
 I will not talk any more about the opposition.
 What I want to stress is that against this patchwork of risks and lies, we, as New Democracy, oppose a coherent programme.
 It is based on the lessons of experience.
 It has the momentum of optimism.
 Three plus one main directions.
 We will talk much more about our programme once the election period officially starts.
 But hold on to three things that are central priorities for me for the next four years.
 First, the continued growth momentum of our economy.
 Catching up faster and faster with Europe.
 If in 2019 I pledged and acted on lower taxes, today I pledge and will act that the next four years will be the four years of better wages and better incomes.
 Not only for the private sector, where businesses already understand that in order to attract talent they have to pay more - with the help that we are already providing with all the training programmes, active labour policies that we are implementing - but also for the public sector, 1/1/2024 we will have a new single wage scale for civil servants.
 We lost a lot in the decade of crisis, but we can by 2030 make up all the lost ground from Europe and no longer be at the bottom, but outperforming Europe on many indicators.
 I am always inspired - I spoke to you before about the President of the Eurogroup - by the example of Ireland, a country which entered the European family poor, but which has made very good use of European aid, of its own momentum, and today has far surpassed the European average in terms of its economic performance.
 It is something that we can achieve too, if we believe in our powers.
 The second priority is to continue this great, bold reform that has started in health care, where great work has been done, which must continue and must be intensified.
 Starting with public health policies, preventive screening, free screening for all citizens for basic diseases.
 The Personal Doctor, upgraded nursing homes, health centres in the country, we have significant resources from the Recovery Fund.
 Digital health is another great challenge, a great opportunity for our country.
 All Greeks will finally get the public health care they want and demand from the state.
 And thirdly, a modern and effective state.
 Not only digital in terms of the services it provides, but a state that will constantly evaluate its employees, with incentives for daily performance, but also with requirements.
 With requirements for professionalism.
 Not only digitisation is not enough, individual awareness is also required.
 It is an effort that has already started.
 Finally, to stand again and say again how important our proposals will be for the new generation.
 We have to be honest here, there is a difficulty today for the political system to communicate with your generation, especially the children who have grown up, gone through the years of adolescence or early adulthood in the crisis.
 There is a gap of trust that we need to bridge.
 And we will only do it by listening to you first of all, your concerns, your worries, your expectations, your aspirations and then with modesty and without big words to give real solutions to your demands, whether they concern better education, better jobs, the "My Home" programme for housing, which I have already spoken to you about.
 How do we expand, say, the institution of social consideration.
 We have so much public land on which we can build modern apartments.
 Some of these will compensate builders, but the largest will be available to young people at a low rent.
 These are just some of our proposals that we will put forward in the public debate and we will ask young people to help us enrich these proposals, to rebuild these bridges of communication with a generation so gifted that has so much to offer the country.
 And many times I get the question: "well why are you as New Democracy the most qualified to do all this?
 What are the guarantees that you give to citizens to enable you to implement this policy?
».
 I answer them that this party, the New Democracy, has proven that it knows how to lead Greece from yesterday to tomorrow.
 We are the ones who spoke first about Europe.
 We, Constantine Karamanlis was the one who put Greece in the European family against the Greek public opinion at the time.
 We took a weak OTE and privatised it, made it a giant.
 We saved the PPA, we saved the PPC from the "labour traitors" and transformed it into a modern competitive enterprise that can today support consumers.
 We are the ones who gave new life to our shipyards.
 Very beautiful pictures I saw a few days ago with the workers at the Elefsina shipyards lifting a tank that had been submerged for ten years by water and starting to work again with many ships waiting to go to Elefsina to be repaired.
 We are the ones who reshaped our aviation industry to be able to implement today's aircraft modernization programs.
 And we were the ones who revived the EFKA, so that at last it would pay its pensions on time.
 Young Democrats, only we, therefore, can take on the past as well as our bad selves.
 And that is why I will say it again: we speak about our work, knowing that it is the consistency of words and deeds that ultimately forges the relationships of trust that we have with our citizens.
 But for one more reason, it highlights something very important: there is nothing that bothers me more, my friends - and I am referring especially to the young people who are in the audience today - than those who claim that this is Greece and it is not changing.
 No, friends, the place can change and is changing.
 Often not as quickly as we would like, but it changes.
 And it goes in one direction only, which is the direction of progress.
 And that calls for us, but that is also the project, I would say, of the next four years, to go faster, more boldly to the changes we want.
 For this to happen, however, a "mine" must be unlocked.
 And this is the "mine" of the simple proportional representation left behind by SYRIZA, a trap that leads either to ungovernability or to very dangerous potential alliances.
 Let those who continue to defend the simple proportional representation go and see what is happening in our neighbouring Bulgaria.
 For those of you who haven't been following this, Bulgaria had its fifth, I repeat, fifth election in two years this past Sunday without again being able to come up with a viable government.
 We do not want such adventures in our country.
 We want stability, we want perspective.
 That is why the ballot on 21 May is the crucial ballot.
 That will ultimately determine who will govern, and when I say who, I mean which party and which Prime Minister.
 That's why today I don't want to hear about a first or second ballot.
 One is the ballot box, 21 May.
 It is a single procedure.
 If some people think that because there will probably be a second election, "we shouldn't bother so much, we shouldn't go and vote in the first ballot box", my answer is that there is no room for frivolity, no room for empty messages of so-called protest.
 No error is corrected after the vote.
 The evil for the country will be done.
 And of course a title that says "cooperation" cannot be a solution, but in reality it means paralysis.
 Citizens cannot decide blindly about an "unknown X".
 I'll say it again.
 These are not serious things that are heard.
 They do not correspond to the criticality of the moments.
 Look, you vote for New Democracy and Mitsotakis for Prime Minister.
 It is a clear choice.
 Or at least, you vote for SYRIZA because you want to have Tsipras as Prime Minister.
 But why vote for something that you don't know what it will be tomorrow.
 All the more so when decisions today need to be swift and coordinated.
 We have no time, we have no room for party bargaining, for endless debates.
 In other words, just as the country is looking for clear horizons in its course, it is also looking for clear solutions in its leadership.
 And the answer to that is just five words: self-reliant Greece, self-reliant New Democracy.
 In this way we will consolidate our conquests, but we will also confront our failures more forcefully: by making the country better and by making ourselves better.
 And for this to happen, we need to reshape this patriotic and modernising current that in 2019 came together to pull the country out of its stagnation and put it on a path of progress.
 I know that among us there may be fellow citizens who will trust us for the first time in these elections, because in 2019 they did not dare to take the step.
 But I know that some people who trusted us in '19 and are now hesitant may be with us or listening to us.
 I will tell them again what I have already said: we may have hurt you at times, but we have never betrayed you.
 And I assure you that every time we stumble we will not fall, but we will increase our speed.
 And I ask you, let us consider here how timely - today when our enemy is our problems and the country must be united - how timely were those words of Constantine Karamanlis in our founding declaration that "we serve the nation above and beyond the misleading labels of the right, the centre and the left".
 That is exactly why I believe that self-reliance is not a party expediency, it is a national necessity.
 With a party as its core, of course, but not limited to it, nor limited to a single colour.
 Because we have proven that we can open up New Democracy, to grow it, to enrich it with members, with friends who may not have belonged to our traditional area, but who want to join this great current of real modernisation, of responsible patriotism.
 Embracing every Greek who wants the country to move forward and aim forward, not backwards.
 Demanding better wages, not taxes and cuts again, with national certainty, not regressing into murky waters.
 We will respond on 21 May.
 So I conclude by saying that from here, from this "Infinite Country", a vast country of antiquity, with its vast history, its vast contribution to the economy and culture, a new struggle begins, a struggle of which you, the heart of New Democracy, are the protagonist.
 Explain, help me to win this struggle by explaining with facts and arguments our positions to our fellow citizens.
 Decently expose the lies our opponents are spreading, answer our friends' questions or objections.
 Because we feel, we listen, we try, we fight, we learn and we move forward.
 We are ambitious in our ambitions, but we have proved that we can achieve them.
 And in this exciting journey towards the new victory, I want you all by my side for a second strong mandate for progress, for Epirus, the Greece of 2030, without compromise, with the flags high, with one slogan: firmly, boldly, only forward.
 Be well, have a good race, Happy Resurrection, Happy Easter and goodbye.
