Ladies and gentlemen, we have a bill in which the government is transferring important paediatric hospital structures to a private law legal entity.
 I have listened to the Minister.
 Plevris to put forward his basic argument which says in essence that nothing changes, it was public and remains public, just by converting these structures into a legal entity under private law we have more flexibility, can get sponsorships, spend more money, invest more money in children's health in these oncology centres.
Let me explain to you why things are not like that at all and why this is the worst form of privatisation.
 Think about it, when you take a clinic or an oncology centre and you say to the management that you appoint directly as a minister-that's how it is-"get sponsorships to spend on top of the government grant"; think about it, the more successful the management is in finding sponsorships, the greater the dependence on those sponsorships in the future and the greater the dependence on those sponsorships, the greater the incentives for the next minister, after Mr.
 Pleyris, to freeze the government grant or even reduce it and the greater the pressure on the next board to find sponsorships and the greater the dependence of the next and the next board on private potential sponsors.
  You see, it's a vicious circle.
 As the dependence on private individuals who have to give larger and larger donations increases exponentially, so does the power of these individuals over the boards of directors.
 The demands begin: 'I give you, but you have to give me something'.
 And what is it that private sponsors require from a clinic.
 We know, there is the experience of the United States.
 Let me give you an example.
 Clinical trials.
 This dream that is happening in the United States.
 In order to be able to get sponsorships from pharmaceutical companies or from individuals who have shares in pharmaceutical companies you have doctors who are forced, not to choose in the context of their own research, but are forced to convince the parents of the children of such a paediatric clinic or a clinic in general to participate in this kind of clinical trials, not of their own research projects, but of the pharmaceutical companies who are paying the dough to keep the clinic running, to be paid in the end, and to be able to continue to operate the clinic.
So, through this back door, this Trojan horse - I'm combining these two metaphors - comes in and comes the complete abolition of any sense of public good, any sense of public function within these clinics.
It is the worst combination of public and private that you are doing, ladies and gentlemen of the government.
 Your American medical dream is a nightmare, as lived by American citizens, American nurses, American doctors, and you want to bring it here.
 In fact, you want to bring it understaffed and underfunded even more in a country where we have far fewer potential donors.
 They are the five or six known pimps of this country.
And since we are talking about the five or six "pimps" of the country, this is not a theoretical project.
 You're talking about a certain lady, Mrs.
 Marianna Vardinoyannis, to whom she wants you to give this important structure.
I remember some time ago we had a discussion here in relation to your bill to convert our core museums into legal entities.
 And then I had mentioned the model you had in mind, the Acropolis Museum, where on the Board of Directors you have Mrs.
 Marianna Vardinoyannis and I had said that I imagine that in her CV what was decisive for her appointment to the Board of Directors was not her titles, but how much money she had.
 Clear things.
 Answered the Minister, Mrs.
 Mendoni that she was a Goodwill Ambassador of the United Nations.
 It was because of her purse, not because of her accomplishments.
And now you dare to give these basic paediatric and research oncology structures to Mr.
 Vardinoyannis.
Do you realise, ladies and gentlemen of the Government, what has happened in the last few weeks in this country?
 The youth out there won't tolerate you anymore.
 The course of history has changed.
It is true that the privatisation, which you represent, has been hegemonic for a long time.
 The idea that private is always better than public, the idea that privatisation is always a good thing to get away from bureaucracy, from the state, from corruption was really ingrained, it was hegemonic.
 But not anymore, after Tempe.
 You have understood this.
 You have not understood it.
What exactly are you saying to the young people and the young people out there.
 I saw Mr.
 Plevris on the Vardinoyannis family channel, STAR, explaining to a STAR employee of the Vardinoyannis family why he would give these particular hospital structures to Mr.
 Vardinoyannis.
 Well, aren't you a little ashamed.
 How much self-mutilation are you going to do anymore.
 This is the model you are giving to the new generation.
 To these five pimps you give everything.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we in MERA25 have a specific proposal that does not only concern this particular case.
 You know we dislike bureaucracy, we dislike statism, we dislike the oligarchic capital, but we also dislike the capital that is not oligarchic, the private individuals who decide and order what will happen with the colleges, what will happen with the private clinics, with the legal entities under private law.
 We have a concrete proposal on how to save this country from both the inefficiency and corruption of the private sector and the inefficiency and corruption of statism.
Our proposal is based on the idea of consultative councils made up of a majority of elected citizens, bodies to which the management of public structures will be accountable, bodies which will appoint the management of public structures.
 Here's how the best of the state we have could be combined with the civil society out there.
 You choose the worst combination of private and public.
 Your bill, ladies and gentlemen of the government, is a remnant of a dark era of this combination.
 Ultimately, in the climate of mourning for the Tempi, with the youth out there having rejected both your privatisation and statism, what we have an obligation today - and we as MPA25 are trying to live up to this obligation - is to propose ways in which public structures, public goods are under the control of civil society.
 You lack any legitimacy to legislate right now.
 You are at the end of a four-year term where you have basically destroyed what you could of the good parts of the public sector, giving it to the worst parts of the oligarchic private sector.
 Lack of legitimacy.
 It's time to dissolve Parliament, hold elections, leave the government.
