Thank you very much, Mr President, and this will be my last speech in this House as leader of Hellenic Solution as Chairman of the party, anyway.
We were at least consistent for 4 years we were here.
We talked, we made proposals.
 We have always criticised, in an elegant, elegant way and in a decent way, without any exaggerations.
 The view of Parliament is once again disappointing, as there are always no Members of Parliament, of course.
They all have time to go on the morning news channels to parade like political pots, but they don't come to the Greek parliament to perform their own duties for which they are paid by the Greek people.
 I am ashamed because my proposal to Mr Tasoulas did not materialise.
That is to say that Members who are not in Parliament should not be paid.
 We have been saying for four years that they get a thousand dollars and it is much more than the normal amount, but it is a situation, a situation of political thinking that unfortunately is tolerated by the Bureau of the Parliament and the leaders of the parties and so we devalue politics with our absence and the political system with our absence.
 We politicians with the.
Of course, the profession of MP is now unpleasant for me, and I say this because I am a businessman, it is not a political profession, it is a profession where the five and a half grand must be commensurate with the work that is done here.
 Unfortunately it is not possible.
Neither the job, but especially neither.
And one can say that it is satisfactory.
The image of the Parliament, look, we are talking.
 It's really miserable.
I'm ashamed to say it, but that's the way it is, it doesn't matter.
Let the Greek people understand this and when they go to vote again they should know that they voted.
We have begun, Minister.
This morning I learned.
Start taking calls.
You're desperate Minister, not you personally your party are getting calls.
We have had 2 cases of our parliamentary candidates being called by the new republic to allow them to run with the Greek solution to go to the new republic.
This morning.
To persuade them not to run with the Greek Solution we had something in bits and pieces, bits and pieces of one euro, of one unit.
 Now we have them of course still grown up, if they have been in apostasy a party that has made transfers.
Well that's good that you've been thinking about moving from here to the polls to the polls, it's built on apostasy.
However, the new democracy is desperate with all that is happening.
And despair leads you to apostasy.
Of course, in recent years we have observed a phenomenon of palindromic returns.
 Leaving PASOK for SYRIZA, leaving PASOK for New Democracy and turning around.
 This means what and I want the Greek people to understand that these 3 parties have no ideological differences, they have no ideological differences when a party like New Democracy calls candidates of the Greek Solution and tells them "Don't run with the Greek solution, we are here and if you are not elected, there is a little place somewhere to settle down.
It's okay, he's got the gift, he's got the gift.
 Imagine what will happen the next day of the elections, when these gentlemen will need 10, 15, 20 defectors and the suitcases will leave; they are used to suitcases and either they are wheeled or else how to leave the suitcases asking for defectors in the temple of democracy.
They're used to it I've done it before and they continue to not learn from their mistakes.
 Because because they are only interested in the chair of the chair with ricochet beasts, the power, the plunder to eat the doorknobs, to fan the doors, to eat them and the locks of a Nothing else.
They're looking for defectors and I'll put it another way.
This party is unfortunately mired in the mire of immorality.
 He has lost any moral advantage.
And the complaint can also be made anonymously.
 We will go to the prosecutor.
No more plates.
No more jokes to finally see what it means to be truly moral.
 You have made immorality a science.
You've got PhDs and Master's degrees, You are unethical, You have no moral high ground.
 The Greek solution has the moral advantage that the new democracy does not have.
 We are not flirting with anyone, your MPs and candidates came and asked to stand for election and we refused.
 We are not a football team to make transfers, you are a group, a gang, a political gang, in quotes, that is only interested in gaining power and managing it nothing else.
Let's go to the other issue that suddenly became the incident with the policeman in the ASOEE.
I didn't understand who was arguing about the shooting.
Who disagrees on shooting in the air, not against people, police car trapped by known paracrats, by known little people who a hood can kill, beat up those that the police officer shoots in the air.
What is the problem tell me you MPs who have one or two police officers that your leaders have 15, 15, 35, 35, 45, 55 police officers for their safety should not feel safe police officer.
The policeman is a policeman.
 If you want table workers to take them home you will shoot where you need to in the air and you have to shoot to defend yourself.
 You're denying them the opportunity and I'm ashamed to say the obvious.
The obvious, Mr. Vitas is annoyed, his chief had 140 policemen.
 Mr. Vitsas' chief has 140 policemen.
This is Greece for our own security, to have 100 policemen for the security of the Prime Minister and we must have policemen and if necessary they can beat anyone if he goes to jail and it is reasonable to push him away.
 But for the citizen, for the policeman must defend himself not.
This is their false left.
 So we give you the false left of the personal, but not the social.
 We are with society and not with the cattle.
 Let's get the staff out of the way here.
They're bothered by the police, but they've got them, look, they're bothered.
They are annoyed with the police, my colleagues, the leftists, the so-called leftists, who beat up the people in Pissoderri, they beat, they bloodied the whole world.
With the rallies in Macedonia.
Let's go to the other one, I have a complaint because.
This story, Minister, with ESRE is the black page of your democracy.
The old democracy, but the democracy of repression, of silencing, of undemocratic selection.
 You put an unlikely press president of your powerful own proposal of Mr. Mitsotakis.
 It was personal because she wanted him to handle it the way he wanted to handle it and it's become a pistol of the new democracy.
 Normal pistol of the new democracy.
 There is a complaint.
Mr. PleyouWho asked, raised at the meeting of Aisius the question of protecting ethics, on the occasion of the random passengers, when some random secretaries of the New Democracy, a guy called Fotyadis Meletiadis.
 Others how is it said accidental sources the first route accidentally said that we must be safe with trains and that bravo to the government and Prague, to the state that does all this accidentally, not even an extra you can't find to understand who you are come out mainly pay member of the average.
And he tells Mr. Coutrumanos to raise the issue of protecting ethics, to punish the channels that presented false reports falsely.
And on the polls in question, not only was Mr. Pliou's proposal rejected, but Koutroumanos, the pistol of New Democracy.
 For of such a pistol he said to him, We have no such right to control.
 She was shown on one channel's newscast to filter in our own show to an MP who appeared on another TV station, who called illegal immigrants illegal entrants without nails, fined 60 grand.
This is Koutroumanos rejoice your pistol in the new democracy.
 But we will disarm and punish this pistol after the elections, enough of the lawlessness, enough of the immunity of Mr. Koutroumanos, enough of it.
Let's go now.
In the draft Multilateral Bill.
What you did after the independent authorities, you know what you did? You put.
Dictatorships in the administration.
If a man who is in charge is called the Chairman of the RAE.
The RAS.
President of the average is not controlled by anyone.
And especially if he breaks the law or does something illegal here, he's not punished for creating a dictatorship, because he can decide whatever he wants and nobody controls it.
 That's what you did with the multi-bill, the regulations on the unprosecuted and again the head of the independent authorities.
 Do you understand what you are doing because you just own them and you are comfortable with the authorities throwing them out and unprosecuted and creating little dictatorships.
When Mr Koutroumanos is not listening, his ERC member is an equal member.
 Who is Koutroumanos.
 You know.
 I am TV radio newspaper.
A guy like Pedopoulos is.
Like Kanellopoulos judge, prosecutor, where many have.
Or I just mean that he has that little Napoleon Bonaparte's authoritarian pose.
Everyone can find out what they want.
 Where is the state.
 Because the state without the control of the administrative authority of any previous MP Here we are talking about us, we are controlled and they are not controlled.
So, this does not create proportionality in democracy.
 It's unbelievable what you're doing.
As for SYRIZA.
I must say this.
I read a 2020 Commission report on rule of law in Greece SYRIZA talks about rule of law SYRIZA now.
A mockery of the tragic choices of SYRIZA, especially the conversion of bribery from a felony to a misdemeanor in 2020, the law of SYRIZA, the felony of bribery of anyone who was led to the public authority is a minister, is a deputy.
 I say now I employee manager became a misdemeanor.
Misdemeanor.
Bribery.
Here we are talking about incredible grotesque situations of PASOK, SYRIZA, New Democracy, which has existed for years and has been creeping.
 It's a rot.
We need to clean up the manure of the dawn.
 A Hercules must be found at last to cleanse this country of its filth.
 We must clean the country, deliver it pure Greek Transparent crystal clear.
We now go to Mr. Prisoner Mr. Prisoner.
I have to ask a few questions, because all of a sudden now this story has become a TV product.
With Kanellas, Kanellopoulos, prosecutors, judges, listen a little more, the new democracy was and is discussing with the prisoner.
Who controls the media that all day long advertise a supposed, who will run in the elections and if the new democracy runs in elections.
Who put him nurse E nurse at last, doing constantly in Domoko The New Democracy.
 Because to be Mr. in jail you have to have a good minister or prime minister plug.
Who let him make proclamations the new democracy.
Who's letting him have a social media prisoner or a new democracy.
Who takes pictures with the candidate of the criminal organization, the imprisoned this press or new democracy ministers of the.
What does meow meow do to the tiles.
The cat, New Democracy, who also speaks Nazi when he needs to.
These are the gentlemen that their voters should be happy with them these are the gentlemen who are fomenting this story because it suits them.
It suits them.
It suits them, I'll tell them one thing, as much as it suits you to do an illegal act, a Nazi act, instead of digging it up you have to condemn it.
 You have to crush him, you have to make them disappear Nazis in the Greek parliament can't fit any more.
 Finally, we will.
And I close on the 3 commas in the first part of my speech with Seferis.
And I read it in full.
Lord Beowulf, let us remember how this murder was done, the rapture.
the deceit, the selfishness.
The drying up of love Mr. Voitha to eradicate all this from Greece.
That is why we must ask every gentleman, not God, every Greek who will go on 21/05/23 to think sensibly for our Greece, for our country, for our nation, for every Greek, individually a vote for the Greek solution is the only solution.
 We're going to go into coalition now.
We will speak truths.
Why is it possible before elections are held.
 Is it possible for all political ministers, MPs of all parties to talk and coalitions.
 But the Greek people's will is annulled in this way, because you tell the Greek people that whatever you do, I will govern, that is, the Greek people should decide and vote tomorrow morning for a 30% Greek Solution or the KKE.
Or Day 40% to give them how you pre-wire it.
 What needs to be done.
Essentially.
You are desperate, you know that the earth is disappearing from under your feet for health.
 These gentlemen of the new democracy of the other parties are the power for you.
Something else.
Something fluid power power power for power Power for the People and NOT Power for Power Power Power for the Greeks and not power and power.
 This is the point.
And because you all failed.
They sold everything.
You sold everything, there is nothing water, infrastructure, airports, ports, ports, gas.
 Everything is sold out and that's what bothers me.
 There is no public property.
I will say something I said last night to a friend who is a supporter of the new democracy.
And I say to him if all these gentlemen in there who are in charge were put in charge in the Sahara Desert.
Responsible in the Sahara desert in 5 years there will be no sand, not even a grain.
 Nothing had me saying that, because they can't.
Because they are incompetent I tell him it's not possible, they can't, they don't have it and he tells me why they don't have it I say because quite simply for them, above everything is the party above Greece is their party above the Greeks is their party, unlike us who above all is Greece and the Greeks.
 This is our qualitative difference.
And so I say about the coming coalition government.
You agree on everything.
Let a politician or journalist come along and tell me that PASOK, New Democracy and SYRIZA disagree on all the major issues.
On the fence, let's say they disagreed with SYRIZA in a democracy and the Syriza people from here and from the new democracy who disagree are shouting and protesting.
 Let me tell you, I'll see you in nothing, because I have the statements here of Mrs.Gerovassili, who said that we will not tear down the fence here, but we will expand it.
Statements by Mrs Gerovassilis.
Who disagree to tell me.
One thing we'll say it all now here the fences don't end.
 One problem they do not solve is the problem of illegal immigration.
 Fences and if we were wrong when we said fence, we meant concrete anti-tank fence to have and that the time from Turkey for the Turks to be able to advance with tanks you push back, you take away the allowances, you don't say come 180.
000 as the government is doing now made a request for 180 thousand to come legally for 5, 6, 7, 8 years.
Are these things.
By what control.
 So I read what Skandalidis says.
 The world ends in honour.
 Refugees should be managed in terms of social inclusion and protection and not by making life difficult.
What this means.
 Look, I'll tell you what.
 Ambiguous statements have many interpretations.
Because I know Greek, as Pythia used to say, "You will leave, you will die in war, you will go, you will return, you will go, you will not return, you will decide, you are with the fence and the push back.
 You're only the fence and lifted send in here legally to know and I decide what you want refreshing memory in the new democracy Prime Minister what did Dendias say I do not believe in fences Prime Minister, no fence will not say this, they said themselves.
And I say this because.
Why New Democracy, SYRIZA and PASOK will co-govern.
 It's a given but I can't understand now that Mr. Androulakis, the political leader, says yes to the coalition, because why do you say yes to a coalition?
 Why are you annulling the will of the Greek people.
2003 the PASOK if the gallery to be able to buy red loans the 3 started this story very low price, minimum law 43 54 15 of SYRIZA became 30.
000 auctions and got almost Mr Tsipras today to solve the problem of red loans.
 Who are they fooling in here?
Back when the stories of electronic auctions were introduced and any Lafazanis would go in handcuffs with bracelets to talk about everything.
At the police station.
SYRIZA will solve the problem now legislative and the sale of loans to funds without prior notification of uninterrupted became the offence of obstructing an auction SYRIZA made the law.
The protection of the first home was abolished horizontally in February 19 by SYRIZA and SYRIZA came out today and said, we will solve the problem.
The problem was made by these new democracy, PASOK, KKE, SYRIZA and you will say it after the elections now.
And the Greeks believe them.
 Is it possible to believe.
 He cheated many times.
Then let him cheat one more.
 It's not his fault, it's your fault, you're the one who's tolerant.
And to say this, 700.
000 Greeks, 700.
000 Greek families in red loans that have gone red.
The limit is 700.
000 families, are 2 million voters.
Of 3 people, 2 million voters each is about 30% of the electorate.
 This 30% of the Greek electorate is the choice of the next elections.
 We tell you oh but the Greek solution has also spoken, if you don't want to because we are the only solution to the problem of loans, but write them off, write them off, black them out in the next election vote sensibly.
We are confirmed every day and now the newspaper of the New Democracy comes to the first lie, together with the shipping trade and takes our proposal and makes it a combination and says that this is what the government wants to do, to go to elections.
 What we are saying from 2019, September onwards.
 Writing off all loans of Greeks horizontally to restart the economy, writing off debts to EFKA, tax authorities.
And especially bank loan haircuts, Mr. Vezyropoulas, as you did in the first lie, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, he's not here, that is, the value of the life of the shipowner is superior to that of any ordinary citizen of the poor, the industrialist, Nikos from Keratsini, Stavros from Peristeri, George from Kordelio, from a village on the continent, from a village.
Crete is richer.
 This man's life is poorer than the rich man you are writing off debts.
And I say that you are mocking the Greeks and you lie constantly and what bothers me the most is that you don't say what you have achieved and what the 3 parties have achieved.
They have even surpassed us.
In purchasing power and the Maltese.
Malta, a rocky islet in the middle of nowhere has surpassed us in purchasing power.
 We understand this.
 A country that is the GDP per capita we are third from the bottom third from the bottom in the European Union and they are happy and they are delighted that Greece is getting rich, Greece is rich, growth is coming, not their friends, their friends, their friends, their own people are getting rich, Greece is not getting rich.
They support consumption with 50 billion in loans, they supported it with loans, but the GDP decreased by 2.4 billion and taxes increased by 4 billion, they sold everything and they should be ashamed to celebrate from above.
I'm really surprised and to say so that the Greeks now understand it with evidence.
Greeks, you who listen and Greeks.
They sold the ports, they sold the airports, they sold the highways, they sold the tolls, they sold the railways, they sold them, they sold the water, they sold the electricity, they sold it, they sold the telecommunications, they sold it and you sold it, they sold it, they sold the public property, they sold the public works, they sold the public works, they sold the insurance funds, they looted the supermarkets, they sold the agricultural production, they destroyed it, the crafts, they wiped it out.
Agriculture was devastated, industry was destroyed, Macedonia was wiped out, sold, education was humiliated, customs, traditions and values were wiped out.
 Citizens no longer have security, justice, freedom of expression, freedom of expression, choice of what to put on their bodies they didn't have it.
Mandatory, the ultimate in authoritarian government, mandatory and now I hear in many countries in Europe and in the world that the ministers and prime ministers of these countries are blowing clouds.
 And you even now have the fine.
 Shame, shame, shame.
After a century, then, these people came to confirm Papadiamantis.
 I will read you and I say pity, pity to confirm Papadiamantis a century later to the merchants of the nations.
Always unchanging the tentmakers, the jesters, these monkeys.
So those politicians of that period, black carpets, constructing fetters for the people.
 So you made Greece.
 You construct shackles and chains, not with memoranda, but with bankruptcy, with the inability to produce wealth.
 Greeks are in bondage to your choices.
 Elections 21 May we will break the chains for our Greece, the different Greece, because our Greece.
And because it's the last speech.
We will say as the Hellenic Solution what we did for 4 years.
That went by fast fast.
 Not everything we'll say what we did, not what the new democracy copied, because if I said what it copied and no end I would need 2 hours, we'll go to what the Greek solution did.
 We made legislative proposals for the declaration, declaration of an EEZ was not accepted.
 We proposed a law on Christianophobia, why should there be only Islamophobia and not Christianophobia.
Proposed law on gun ownership to allow a Greek home to have a gun to own a gun if needed as a militia national guard to be used and further.
Proposal for a casus belli law was not accepted by anyone emphasis of the parties on how the parties talk to the media to check the achievement of democracy.
 They did not accept the amendment on the secret ballots of the Parliament's rules of procedure they did not accept it.
Party finances Here we asked for an audit of the parties' finances to be carried out and for 400.
000.
000 million those who make them control them should be shut down.
 Because in order to run for election you have to not be in debt when you owe a bank 400 million euros.
 Mr. Minister, it's logical that you can't legislate, said the Greek people and at the expense of the bankers and the funds, it's logical.
We talked about renewable energy sources that they can not enter the burnt and now in Dadia that burnt down goes the GEK Terna of the son-in-law of Mr. Gerapetritis how is it called by the know and puts up wind turbines in the heart.
 Proposals for commissions of inquiry made by the Greek solution and not accepted.
 To understand who they are.
Cancellation of the Prespes agreement said all no, the fire in Mati to find all the moral and physical perpetrators said all no for the first half of SYRIZA, the 15, the 100 billion lost said all no.
 Among them, the new democracy that is arguing with SYRIZA against economic figures.
Amendments not supported by anyone, abolition of the fine for unvaccinated persons over 60 years of age.
 No one supported.
Exceptionally the appointments of polygamous teachers did not support any party's appearance in the media.
 No one supported first home protection and loan repayment in case of transfer if no one supported lifting of work stoppage, financial inactivity and their compensation.
 No one supported them.
Request to the Supreme Court against the Macedonian Language Centre in Greece, in Florina was not supported by anyone.
On the contrary, SYRIZA is happy.
We took a stand against the digital vaccination certificate.
 No one voted against the bankruptcy law.
 Provision of second chance none of them voted against the compulsory vaccination for the covey none of them voted against the restriction of the movement of the unvaccinated, none of them voted against the EEZ with Egypt none of them voted against the EEZ with Italy none of them voted, because there are no reduced incidence against the EEZ with Italy reduced incidence none of them voted, but we submitted them and studies.
Specific studies.
Which we did with our own money, but they preferred the best contractors.
 We told them for the fence to make it concrete at 1/3 of the price please concrete and they put for domestic fence 3 times the price up the price of the Greek people's money, millions are wasted by the gentlemen because to lose GEK TERNA to INTRAKAT what is the name and all of them.
Preliminary study for the construction of temporary accommodation structures for illegal immigrants.
 Experts deposited at 1/5 of the price paid by Greece to 3 residents, the islands of Crete and West Aegean would act as pre-removal temporary housing centres 15.
000 illegal immigrants preliminary design for the construction of disabled access corridors on the Acropolis.
 Ready went the cement to Mrs. Mendoni Melted wooden, elevated walkway on the sacred rock pre-designed construction prakti in Evros.
Study of the country's energy autonomy, Greek studies filed with our own money we paid a special team of experts to increase lignite units, fixed load hydrocarbon extraction.
 All this from us study upgrading the national civil protection plan for free and this we gave them study national sustainable tourism development plan.
 Free and this water resources management study in the agricultural sector free and this hydroponics desalination other construction feasibility study.
Nuclear power plant in Greece, cheap free electricity to all Greeks, not cut off electricity to Greeks' homes.
 Free electricity we can give.
Benefit of over 400 million a year from this alone.
We go on and on in the presence of our speeches by political leaders.
Mitsotakis 76, Koutsoumpas 80, Tsipras 87, Varoufakis 114, the speaker 208.
 Because I respect and honor the five and a half grand that I am paid by the Greek people, the bankrupt, that's why I'm here, that's why I'm here every day and I have business, I don't do public relations, I don't do politics.
I won't say for our questions all the questions of the Greek solution are more than of the parties together.
 In conclusion we say to the Greeks in the elections Vote sensibly Two things are opposite in making the right decision, haste and rage these were said by Thucydides the Great in the past, thousands of years ago, don't vote in haste, not in rage Vote sensibly.
 After all, as Aristotle the Great said.
Anyone can get angry, it's easy, but to get angry with the right person to the right degree for the right reason, at the right time in the right way.
 This is not easy at all.
 We Greeks are for the hard stuff.
 So we're going to be angry with all of them.
 We will be late with all of them, but of course we will vote for a Greek solution, we vote correctly, we vote Greek for our Greece, for our homeland, we vote for a Greek solution.
Thank you very much, Mr. President, I will.
Will.
