	 SPEECH BY THE SECRETARY GENERAL OF THE KKEKE PARTY DEMETRIS KOUTSOUMPAS AT THE EVENT ON: "WITH THE KKE FOR THE REALLY NEW AND INNOVATIVE IN SCIENCE AND RESEARCH "Friends, comrades, compañeras and comrades We finally meet today for this event that we had planned before the crime in Tempe, an event that we had to postpone.
	When we talk about a predetermined crime, it does not mean that one knows exactly when and where it will happen.
 But we know with certainty that it will happen, as long as human life and safety is weighed in the balance of cost-benefit for each investor and for the investor state.
 This is the situation that the current government of the Southwest and all previous governments of SYRIZA and PASOK have created in the railways.
		As long as modern security devices, developed through the painstaking work of you and your colleagues, are treated across the country and around the world by investors as an extra expense that does not usually bring immediate financial benefits.
	There is no need to analyse in this event the reasons why it is unthinkable in our time for trains to run in blindness, regardless of any existing human errors and negligence.
 You understand this better than we do and can confirm and document it.
		And unfortunately we cannot be optimistic that we will not have more such crimes in the future, which today - and long before - are predicted.
 One only has to look at the situation in the seismic armouring of schools and buildings, the condition of the ships that operate the coastal routes, the lack of flood protection works, even though we have paid for it so many times, the lack of preventive measures for the possibility of a large-scale industrial accident in industrial areas and so on.
	But we are optimistic that this situation can and will change and the only way for this to happen is for the promising struggle of the workers and especially the youth, pupils and students throughout the country to continue, to become even more massive, to acquire even more radical goals.
 All those people who made grief and anger a mood to finally change something.
 All those who went on strike, closed schools and colleges, defied terrorism, repression and those who say more or less that this is how the far right is strengthened - if that is possible.
 - and took to the streets, shouting "it's their profits or our lives".
	We, for our part, commit ourselves to give our best as KKE and KNE to ensure that the crime is not forgotten, to impose measures to protect our lives and the lives of our children.
 	There and only there will we deposit whatever strength the people and the youth give us in the political battles ahead of us in the coming period, while the parties of the bourgeois administration with shared roles will promote the next steps of this criminal policy.
	In these circumstances, we choose to discuss with you what is truly new and innovative in science and research, not to be distracted by very timely and ultimately human - very human - developments.
 Instead, we seek to see together a great truth of our time.
 A truth that says that the man of scientific intellectual work can, through the successive developments and the daily research and teaching toil, see himself and his anxieties in the political proposal of the KKE.
 That is, how, today, conditions, terms and prerequisites will be created for the voice of the social majority to expand and strengthen.
 To weaken, to lose supporters and pillars, everywhere the iron heel of the capitalist system in order to multiply the sparks of struggles and ideological and scientific conflict and study within universities and research centres.
	So, we are addressing you here who - why should we hide it, like us - were touched by the positive results of last year's student elections that made the Panhellenic Students' Union the leading force in the Universities.
 	We know that among you there are various generations of people whose presence in the Communist Party and the Party was not redeemed, people who may have once parted ways with us, but who, like us, "maintained watering holes" in the flames of the counter-revolution, of the regression of the communist and workers' movement.
 But here we are today.
 To discuss, to listen to your suggestions, your comments, such as the one we accept in advance: Yes.
 The children of the KNE should be in class and be good students.
 But mainly to contribute from your side, to make our struggle stronger.
 And now in the run-up to the parliamentary elections, but also in all the open fronts that we have before us, which are not a few.
 And especially.
 These are literally life and death issues.
 Friends The imperialist war in Ukraine, between the Euro-Atlantic bloc on the one hand and Russia and its allies on the other, is escalating.
 The conflict between the US and China for supremacy in the global imperialist system is intensifying and the conflicts within "traditional" alliances, such as NATO and the EU, are intensifying.
 Greece's involvement in both military planning, energy warfare and economic rivalries intensifies.
 Thus, the dangers for the people and the country are multiplied even more by the aggravation of the conflicts in the region and the aggressive plans of the Turkish bourgeoisie that bargains its relationship with NATO and the EU, but also the economic developments in our country lead with mathematical precision to the further aggravation of all the workers' - people's problems.
 		The problems are piling up.
 The exploitation of the working class is intensifying, its absolute and relative impoverishment is increasing.
 At the same time, based on the despicable decision of the Supreme Court, which is based on the legislative framework passed by ND, SYRIZA and PASOK, the auctions of houses for thousands of people are released.
	Friends, the peoples have not said their last word.
 The working class both in our country and internationally shows that it has metal.
 The totality of developments shows that possibilities are being formed so that popular discontent is not trapped in false and blackmailing dilemmas.
 It shows that the ruling class is not omnipotent and its power can be tested by cracks and shocks.
 	Without disregarding the negative correlation of forces, the mass workers' - people's mobilisations in a number of countries, despite their still weak orientation, confirm that the people are not "given", nor will popular movements always be used as a "stepping stone" for the up and down of more or less the same kind of governments.
 The bourgeois staffs in the EU and in Greece know that the disastrous consequences for the people of the implementation of capital's strategy will be seen much more strongly in the coming period.
 That is why they seek as stable as possible governments "for the next day", governments that will seek to deal effectively with any radical mood that can lead to a revival of the labour movement.
 They are worried about social explosions, the possible rise of radicalism, the dynamics that the struggles of the workers can gain by having a stronger KKE on their side.
 The goal of this "governmental stability", which for the people means great instability and insecurity, is served by both the New Democracy and the other parties, SYRIZA, PASOK, but also MERA 25, regardless of the way each of them pursues it.
 	Besides, the recent tragedies and the latest "Polakiada" highlight the scenarios of at least a national bourgeois understanding that are written more and more often by the two main pillars of the bourgeois political system with the various statements of prominent members of the Southwest, Syriza and PASOK about the possibility of a governmental cooperation.
	But is this common political ground not also found in the issues of the strategy for Universities and Research, which have been implemented for decades, with specific negative consequences and deadlocks that produce.
	It is well known that developments in higher education and research are closely following the EU's strategy for the Single Area of Higher Education and Research, or the Bologna Treaty, as it is commonly known.
	It is also known that the position of the KKE.
 From the very first moment we pointed out that this development is directly related to the commercialisation of education and research, so that universities and research institutions produce commercial value in direct connection with businesses.
 It is also related to the decoupling of degree-profession, in order to serve the 4 Maastricht principles and to "free" future graduates from the shackles of access to a profession with stable employment relationships, in the name of flexibility, lifelong learning and wanderlust.
 Finally, it is related to the increasingly pressing need for increased qualifications, which is the result of scientific development, the development of productive forces and the development of the economy.
 	A need, however, that the anarchic way of development of the capitalist economy cannot meet, leading young graduates, the most dynamic part of the scientific potential, to unemployment, underemployment, emigration.
	The recent report by the National Authority for Higher Education (NEAE) was revealing: official unemployment among young graduates is 17%, higher than for the general population, and the highest in the EU.
 This inherent failure of the system, the apologists of the capitalist mode of production have dubbed it the "skills gap".
 With this novel term, they attempt to blame the (individual) choices of students and the operation of the universities.
 They hide that in this system there will never be suitable jobs for everyone.
 But they reveal something very important: That "businesses" are built by workers, not by "investors", that their capital is worthless without the right workers.
	So how to address the "skills gap" in the market system.
 But, in market terms, i.e. supply and demand for qualifications - skills and not labour, no longer.
 Therefore, Universities now have to produce "qualified people" of various categories and speeds.
 This means that Curricula should be numerous, flexible, as free as possible in form and developed around learning objectives related to qualifications.
 Their duration, which is also flexible, is organised on the basis of cycles of study measured in credits.
 	Of course, all this is about mass higher education.
 Because the necessary high-level executives of production and management are produced by coherent and demanding curricula that are not influenced by the ephemeral trends of the market and the respective policies.
 Moreover, the Universities and Research Centres themselves must operate in terms of business, subordinated to the cost-benefit logic, to be "autonomous" from state funding, as was also implied in 2015 by the SYRIZA dialogue on Education.
 This is how the new framework law passed in the summer codifies the situation.
 But all these things, as Brecht says, in order to work they need people.
 And here is the issue.
 Who will staff and develop these University and Research Institutions?
 What features will they have.
 What criteria will be used to select.
 What will their role be?
Here the model of "executive management" is chosen.
 A few, select faculty members and permanent researchers who will compete with their colleagues in terms of free enterprise in the production of commercial value and manage human and financial resources.
 They will have all the responsibility and anxiety for the survival of the business they run and for their "risk" they will enjoy benefits commensurate with their success.
 How this is achieved.
 With severe austerity cuts for more than ten years, so that the institutions are emptied of permanent staff, with changes in the way the administration of the so-called self-governing universities is appointed, with changes in the way permanent faculty members and researchers are elected, with criteria that highly evaluate entrepreneurial activity: attraction of funding, sale of services, establishment of companies, with registers of disciplines that bring back the logic of "headquarters" in the staffing of faculties, i.e. back to the previous century, and with tenure-evolutions by the drop of a hat and with a "certificate of merit".
   What all this means for teachers and researchers.
 What is the impact on their daily lives and work.
	You know it first hand.
 Long hours of work, often disproportionate or disappointing results.
 Competition and a toxic climate between colleagues, categorisation and discrimination based on "who brings money into the shop", privileged specialisations, the use of the "who brings money into the shop" principle, the use of the "who brings money into the shop" principle, the use of the "who brings money into the shop" principle, the use of the "who brings money into the shop" principle.
χ.
 those that are close to the market by definition... And poor relatives, such as the humanities, for which a role is also sought in the market context.
 For the moment, it seems that digitisation in the name of an artificial interdisciplinarity is preferred.
 	That is why, dear friends, compañeras and comrades, it is the call of the KKE that ensures unity, coherence based on the general characteristics of a significant number of academics and researchers.
	They are university teachers and researchers who are concerned about the present and the future of university education, who love their subject and do not accept that the market determines their interests and scientific questions, and who are called upon to answer with their research work.
 Those who are evaluated by the capitalist system on the basis of the funding they bring to the university and research centres without caring about the quality of their work and the impact of their publications.
 Those who teach in universities, called upon to fill the large gaps, when the ratio of faculty to students is 1/67, and as a solution to this, governments prefer the lanza to be made up of contract teachers and academic scholars in the name of gaining teaching experience, with the shocking scholarship - allowance of 2.
EUR 000 for 6 months of employment.
  It is the postdoctoral researchers who present themselves as external collaborators and cannot actually be appointed.
 So, the term post-doc has now become a nice and neat way of saying unappointed and constantly wandering researcher.
 	These are the highly skilled research workers who, in the name of mobility, of understaffing the funding with the project, go on a constant hunt for funding to cover the fixed costs of their research and their salary.
 	It is the young researchers who are taking their first steps in the effort to develop knowledge, i.e., the PhD candidates who work on their theses dedicated to science, but most of the time under bad conditions, while, one would expect governments to ensure full support for their efforts, since they will be the skilled scientific workforce that will staff the university, research and the various sectors of the economy.
 Instead, their categorisation as the third cycle of studies, combined with the abolition of permanent employment in universities and student welfare, gradually enabled the state to waive the obligation to cover the research and living expenses of doctoral candidates.
 Of course, they should now feel lucky that they can chase, apart from underpaid and uninsured scholarships, industrial PhDs, giving companies rights and a say in the design of their scientific work, with all the risks that entails.
  	And you, through your experience, can both confirm and enrich substantially and scientifically a more general truth: The developments of recent years in every field, but also in scientific research, confirm that the "medicine" used for one problem becomes "poison" for another, proving that no proposal of bourgeois management can cancel the laws and contradictions of the capitalist path of development, which in any case are paid for by the workers themselves.
 The first study involving more than 7.
600 postdoctoral researchers from all over the world, attempted to answer why, while there is a lot of skilled potential and more PhD holders than before, there is a difficulty in attracting such potential from universities and research centres around the world.
 The study concludes that working conditions and the lack of incentives to progress are to blame.
 Singles out the extensive anxiety and uncertainty about their career path.
  Half of respondents said their satisfaction with their job had deteriorated in the past year and 56% had a negative view of their career prospects.
 Less than half would recommend a scientific career to their younger selves.
 A quarter (24%) of respondents said they had been discriminated against or harassed during their current postdoctoral term.
	The second study emphasises the lag in research development, identifying that today there are less impactful discoveries, less innovative, using indicators of the impact of publications in the global research community and translating these into innovation for production.
But who shapes the boundaries.
 Because there is no longer the same intensity in radical discoveries that there once was.
	The study, while sound in terms of methodology and presentation of results, fails to provide comprehensive and convincing conclusions.
	Indicatively, he concludes that one possible explanation for the slowdown in innovation is that there are many more researchers today than in the middle of the last century.
 It also stresses that the number of large collaborating research teams, often from several countries, has increased, which is conducive to producing piecemeal rather than radical results.
 	But this should naturally give more momentum to the development of research, given that more people are collaborating in the production of new knowledge by more advanced means, in terms of greater socialisation of work.
 	They even go so far as to blame the accumulation of knowledge for this, that all the great discoveries have been made and now there is little to be found.
 	Another possible reason - they say - is that scientists today are obliged - as knowledge has advanced so much - to learn a much larger volume of things than in the past, leaving them little time to push the frontiers of their science.
 The need for over-specialisation per scientific field has similar consequences.
	Friends, Allow us to raise some concerns in relation to the above-mentioned surveys.
 Does this stemming of the dynamic of scientific research lie in the capitalist conditions of organisation, in conditions where labour is more socialised?
 	How many times have we heard, in the race for funding, research groups hiding their results while others are forced to stop promising studies to meet needs because they were not responding to the market and their development became financially unviable?
 	But there is another aspect that concerns the overall intellectual constitution of the scientific potential.
 	Is the need to fit more things into the scientist's mind - as the study identifies - the result of a policy that puts emphasis on developing scientists with specific skills, downgrading the global understanding of the laws governing each scientific subject?
 	How can imagination, and therefore science fiction, be developed if there is no corresponding preparation from school onwards?
	This is why the truly new and innovative in science and research can only be sought in that phrase of Brecht's about the purpose of science: the liberation of humanity from barbarism and toil.
 	This is why the real innovative cannot be found in the definition of innovation given by the bourgeoisie think tanks and the various imperialist organisations, namely, that innovation is that which "accelerates the practical benefits of research for business".
 	So that's why the real news is that the development of research should be planned without the institutions seeking resources from the market, by strengthening research teams in direct contact with the problems in sectors, production units and services.
 		So that's why progress is not about reducing life expectancy, increasing infant mortality, dismantling public health services and at the same time locking up drugs and vaccines with patents.
 	It is not progress to have successive refugee flows, entire peoples being bloodied, critical infrastructure of countries being destroyed by bombing and young researchers wasting their energies developing augmented reality applications for NATO's killing machine.
 	See this example: In a NATO competition last year, contestants were asked to record, categorize and identify unmanned aerial systems, drones, as they flew in a defined area, based on data from available sensors.
 Two laboratories - of the National Centre for Research and Technological Development - took 1st and 3rd place.
 		Is this technology going to be used to defend our sovereign rights.
 Let us consider what this means for science, the direction of research, the results it produces.
 Who works hard for them and who wins.
 Who dictates the priorities for research and innovation production.
	Couldn't the same technology be used to predict disasters, track missing persons, monitor critical infrastructure.
 	Of course he could.
 And such is the shift in reaction on the part of the capitalists, that the naming of business action in universities and research is literally ridiculous.
 A year ago it was the reference to business angels, now they talk about "business incubators".
 Such forfeiture.
 This street has eaten its bread and it shows.
 The major strikes that have broken out in the past few months in the Universities of California and Britain, with unprecedented participation by lecturers and researchers with flexible working arrangements, who work exhausting hours, do everything, but can no longer make a living from their work, are an important development.
 	In California the rents are unaffordable so that workers sleep in workshops or tents.
 The reason.
 	The largest owner is the University itself.
 Through his successful investments in real estate, he has pushed rents in all areas around the campuses to rally.
 	Yes, one might say, that's how the system works.
 Competitive.
 That is, the tens of thousands who are currently being laid off by the digital technology giants are uncompetitive.
 They didn't do everything they should have done.
 They did not study with loans they are still repaying.
 They didn't "build" a resume.
 They didn't work without sleep.
 Zuckerberg himself confessed that he was firing talented employees and he regretted it, but the markets went crazy with joy and raised the stock, making him richer.
 	We say that the problem of unemployment under capitalism is systemic.
 Unemployment is inherent in the capitalist mode of production.
 Are you not surprised that isolated cases are always being brought up.
 		Sometimes they are called success stories, sometimes they are called "good practices".
 And if you pay attention, they all talk about "creating opportunities".
 No certainty.
 Everything is potential.
 From everywhere it is shouted that this way of development is for the very few, for the few (who have endured) and the select few (who have the means).
 The problem is, precisely, that in this system people are surplus to requirements.
 That's what we hear everywhere.
 We don't want so many students, we don't want so many employees, we don't want so many doctors.
	What system is it that disables or recycles people like old-school televisions?
 Who benefits from the reproduction of this system.
 		 A short while ago your colleague and party candidate, Costas Gouliamos, reminded me of the following: For Einstein, "the worst evil of predatory capitalism" is "the weakening of people" through an education system that emphasizes an "excessively competitive attitude" and that trains students "to worship speculative success".
 As early as 1949 Einstein warned in an article that the only way to eliminate "the serious evils of capitalism is through the establishment of a socialist economy accompanied by an educational system that is oriented towards social goals.
"Yes, then.
 We must end this rotten and unjust society as soon as possible.
 	With the KKE we can do it.
 Because the KKE has the only realistic plan, positions and proposals for today, which at the same time show where our struggle must go in order to give everyone a better life.
 Because the KKE is the only party that has no commitment to the big business groups and therefore will not fold in the face of difficulties, in the face of repression.
 	Dear friends, compañeras and comrades, The KKE is fighting with all its forces for the emergence of a power that will have nothing to do with the previous ones, a government that will not be one of the same, that will not have to manage exploitation and injustice.
A power - government that will not "settle" for a rotation of unpopular governments - organs of the big groups, the shipowners, the industrialists, the bankers, the canal owners and their profits, but will be a government of a power truly for the people, which will put the modern needs of the people at the centre.
 It will make the means of production socially owned.
 That is, it will exempt land, ports, production units, infrastructure, transport, telecommunications, etc.
λπ.
 from the ownership of a handful of drones, making them social property, to a radically different path of development from that served by all governments within this system of injustice and inequalities, capitalism.
We invite you to fight with us for a research integrated in the socialized economy and its central scientific planning, with a decisive role in the development of productive forces, in the exploitation of the significant productive potential of our country.
 Today, in the era of the "digital" economy, of Artificial Intelligence, the scientific and productive conditions exist for us all to live much better, without the nightmare of unemployment and the uncertainty about tomorrow.
 But behind the wondrous new world of Chat GPT and other modern tools, the human factor remains the decisive factor.
 We, we hold the driving belts of the universe, as Mayakovsky wrote.
	With the KKE, therefore, in order not to waste any more time for social progress, for the progressive and innovative.
 To remove the obstacles that the old and outdated history puts in the way of history.
 	Friends, compañeras and compañeros, Despite the scope, depth and diversity of the ideological domination of capital, there is objective scope for revolutionary, Marxist ideas to penetrate the universities.
 To detach scientists from the ideological embrace of the bourgeoisie and its pillars of power.
 To join and join in the cause of social liberation in which science plays a primary role.
 After all, the pioneering action was never started with quantitative dominance as a given and a prerequisite.
 And we don't say that, because it's really true that pioneering and innovative action, first of all, has to deal with the old, the habitual, the trivial on which previous ways of thinking are based.
 We say this, mainly, because innovative thinking has the potential to overturn correlations.
 Breaking down walls.
 To act as an emblematic beacon.
 Finally rallying.
 	You, here, each of you, hold in your hands an important power.
 It can have an even more decisive impact with the Party's ideas, our values and our ideals on young people and young people.
 He can contribute from his own scientific point of view to the development of Marxism in every field.
 And we, as a Party, assume that serious share of responsibility that is ours, so that the Departments of the CC and their workings, come closer to the research pursuits of such a radical intellect.
 	After all, it cannot be done otherwise.
 Marxism is a science, not a dogma, and that is why it "breathes" when it tries to respond to new challenges.
 	So with the KKE.
 To give new life, continuity and endurance to the struggles and youthful quests.
 To inspire today's and tomorrow's scientists to put their knowledge at the service of societal needs.
  For that day to come when every man will think scientifically and every science will think humanly.
 	A strong JKE then.
 "To make the darkness shine".
 For the great, the beautiful, the shocking.
